NOR-UO PvP Supplement

Due to the hostile nature of UO and it's active Evil Players hunting 
and killing other players on a regular basis, NOR needs to have a 
specific policy on first strike attacks on other players. By the time 
a player realizes they are under attack, the attacking player will 
probably have cast one spell and have another on the way. So the 
defending party can easilly be at 1/2 damage from 2 or more spells 
cast on them before they can even respond. First attack is very 
important, and the key to winning many PvP combats.

Without some basic guidelines such as these, NOR will continue to 
suffer heavy casualties from the PKers hunting us! They are commonly 
found loitering around the NOR tower and waiting for NORs to come to 
the area. We have seen PKers wearing our colors in an effort to through 
us off long enough to be killed.

Finally .. The PVP rules in the UO S&C supplement are designed to keep 
the spirit of NOR intact, while not making its members feel as though 
they are powerless to defend themselves or their property. We 
recognize that PKers pose the largest threat to the players in our 
Guild, and as such want to allow them to defend themselves and allow 
the guild to earn a reputation amongst the PKers that NOR can't be 
bullied or is unwilling to defend herself.  However we DO NOT want to 
gain a reputation as BOUNTY HUNTERS or as an anti PK Guild. WE ARE NOT!!!

Anyone abusing the above Exceptions to the NO PK policy will be 
investigated and dealt with in the harshest of terms, in other words, 
don't think that you can justify anti-PK behavior by simply saying I 
thought he was gonna kill me. All NOR members are cautioned to be 
extremely cautious with Exception #2 above. This is not a license to 
kill, rather it is a declaration to all, that NOR members will not 
sit and allow themselves to be victims.
