From -4350441249045532378
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
X-Google-Thread: fb859,3ddfdfedb6998f39
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb859,public
X-Google-Thread: 10b8a7,3ddfdfedb6998f39
X-Google-Attributes: gid10b8a7,public
X-Google-Thread: f8b8a,3ddfdfedb6998f39
X-Google-Attributes: gidf8b8a,public
X-Google-Thread: f5de8,3ddfdfedb6998f39
X-Google-Attributes: gidf5de8,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3ddfdfedb6998f39
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: 108625,3ddfdfedb6998f39
X-Google-Attributes: gid108625,public
X-Google-Thread: fc6cf,3ddfdfedb6998f39
X-Google-Attributes: gidfc6cf,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-19 08:26:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-09!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!207.217.77.43.MISMATCH!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3E53AEA1.F30FF0E2@earthlink.net>
From: Richard Streeter <rstreeter3@earthlink.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 (Macintosh; U; PPC)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.auto.mercedes,alt.feminism,alt.games.diablo2,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.the-sims,alt.pagan,alt.religion.christian.last-days
Subject: Isaiah 2002
References: <YnK4a.10523$V6.14168@news.indigo.ie>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; x-mac-type="54455854"; x-mac-creator="4D4F5353"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Lines: 615
Date: Wed, 19 Feb 2003 16:22:39 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.86.212.213
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net 1045671759 209.86.212.213 (Wed, 19 Feb 2003 08:22:39 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 19 Feb 2003 08:22:39 PST
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.auto.mercedes:67718 alt.feminism:209578 alt.games.diablo2:166794 alt.games.everquest:265808 alt.games.the-sims:173530 alt.pagan:66201 alt.religion.christian.last-days:29281

WHAT IS GOD SAYING TO US TODAY?
"What are Christian prophets and prophetic people hearing from the Lord? What
"words" or instructions do they have for the Church? And how are the national
and  international
 prophets and intercessors calling the Church to pray Regarding Iraq?
Regarding Israel? Regarding the USA? Regarding The  Nations? Read on!"

Steve Shultz,
THE ELIJAH LIST


Selected Chapters from the Book of Isaiah
A New Translation for The people of
The United States of America
by Richard C. Streeter

The Holy Scriptures tell us that a prophet is �one who speaks for God,
confronting the people and their leaders with God's commands and promises.
Because of this confrontational stance and the continuing tendency of people
to disobey God, the prophets usually were not very popular.  But though their
message often went unheeded, they faithfully and forcefully proclaimed the
truth. (Life Application Bible, Introduction to Isaiah, page 1386)

We have all read the words of Isaiah and wondered why the people failed to
heed his warnings back in 700 B.C.  Of course, we can read ahead and see that
his prophecies came to pass, including the destruction of Jerusalem and the
Temple.  His ministry lasted for 60 years and like most prophets chosen of
God, like Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr.,  and Jesus Christ, they were all
executed.

The inspiration for this translation began shortly after the election of
George Herbert Bush and his �liberation� of Kuwait.  President Bush had
stirred the sands of the desert and they would never cease to blow.  With the
election of William Jefferson Clinton, America witnessed a new level of
disdain for ethics, morality, and respect for law and order.   The American
people, the Congress and world leaders turned their heads from perjury to
rape and countless collateral damages from �tail wags the dog!� actions.
President Clinton�s final �finger to the country� was giving foreign
countries highly sensitive computers, software, arms and Presidential pardons
to drug lords and a convicted traitor.  Not to be outdone, George Washington
Bush soon followed and conspired to win an election not unlike most third
world dictatorships.  Without winning the popular vote, President Bush Junior
needed an event to make him look Presidential.  He got his wish when, as the
result of as yet unproven orders for intelligent agencies to �stand down,�
three commercial jet airliners destroyed the Twin Towers in New York City and
heavily damaged the pinnacle of America's defense, the Pentagon.  He is now
bent on making war when and where he so desires with the carte blanch
approval of Congress.  For the first time in America's history the military
is poised for preemptive strikes against people who have never fired a shot
at us and live half way around the world.  As the American people sit back
silently, including and in particular, the church, America follows the path
of the once great Christian nation, home of Martin Luther,  Nazi Germany.
Instead of protecting the �Fatherland,�  this administration, this �born
again� President, strips its citizens of the very freedoms and basic rights
once protected by the Constitution in the name of �Homeland� security.
Fatherland, Homeland, as Shakespeare once said,  �What's in a name?�

As you read the following translation you will no doubt experience the same
reaction as those who heard Isaiahs�s words back in 700 B.C.  How dare this
prophet speak of destruction and accuse the leaders of both government and
church of sin and corruption  But just imagine if the following translation
of Isaiah is right, if my commentary is right.  It is for you to consider,
ponder and discern.

Isaiah 1:1-31: 2002

 1 These visions concerning Washington, D.C.  and The United States of
America came to Richard Streeter during the reign of George Herbert Bush,
William Jefferson Clinton and George Washington Bush ? all three Presidents
of The United States of America.!

2 Hear, O heavens! Listen, O earth! This is what the LORD says: "The children
I raised and cared for have turned against me.   3 Even the animals ? the
donkey and the ox ? know their owner and appreciate his care, but not my
people in the United States of America (henceforth referred to as America).
No matter what I do for them, they still do not understand."  4   Oh, what a
sinful nation they have become! They are loaded down with a burden of guilt.
They are evil and corrupt children who have turned away from the LORD. They
have turned from the Holy One, God, cutting themselves off from his help.

5  Why do you  invite punishment?  Must you rebel forever? Your head is
injured, and your heart is sick.  6  You are sick from head to foot ? covered
with  bruises, welts, and infected wounds ? without any ointments or
bandages.  7 Your twin towers are no more, the land plowed and lays barren,
and your cities are burned. As you watch, foreigners plunder your fields and
conspire to destroy everything they see. 8   Washington stands in fear and
confusion. It is as helpless as a city under siege. 9   If the LORD Almighty
had not spared a few of us, we  would have been wiped out as completely as
Sodom and Gomorrah.

10   Listen to the LORD, you leaders of Washington! Listen to the law of our
God, people of America. You act just like the rulers and people of Sodom and
Gomorrah.     11   "I am sick of your sacrifices," says the  LORD.  "Don't
bring me any more burnt offerings! I don't want the fat from your rams or
other  animals. I don't want to see the blood from your offerings of bulls
and rams and goats.    12  Why do  you keep parading through my courts with
your worthless images of �In God We Trust?�   13   The hypocrisy you bring me
is a  stench in my nostrils! Your celebrations of Thanksgiving and the
Sabbath day, and your special days for fasting; Easter, Christmas, Hanukkah,
Mass, Communion ? even your most pious meetings ? have become monotonous,
meaningless, sinful and false. I want nothing more to do with  them.   14   I
hate all your festivals and self serving sacrifices. I cannot stand the sight
of them!   15  From now on, when you lift up your hands in prayer, I will
refuse to look. Even though you offer many prayers, I will  not listen.   You
cry for prayer in schools yet stand silent in the workplace, marketplace,
home and field.  For your hands are covered with the blood of your innocent
victims, from the native American Indian, Waco, Pine Ridge, Kent State,
citizens of Hiroshima and Nagasaki Japan, Viet Nam, Cambodia, Nicaragua,
Guatemala, Argentina, my blessed Nuns and the people of South America,
Panama, Bosnia, the Persian Gulf, and  other lands now in  your sights, aimed
for conquest, destruction and domination in the name  of freedom.

16   Wash yourselves and be clean! Let me no longer see your evil deeds. Give
up your wicked ways.   17   Learn to do good. Seek justice. Help the
oppressed. Defend the orphan. Fight for the rights of widows.  18   "Come
now, let us argue this out," says the LORD. "No matter how deep the stain of
your  sins, I can remove it. I can make you as clean as freshly fallen snow.
Even if you are stained as red as crimson, I can make you as white as wool.
19   If you will only obey me and let me help you, then you will have plenty
to eat.   20  But if you keep turning away and refusing to listen, you will
be destroyed by your enemies. I, the LORD, have spoken!"

21   See how America, once so faithful, has become a prostitute. Once the
home of justice, liberty, freedom and righteousness, she is now filled with
murderers.  22  Once like pure silver, you have become like  worthless slag.
Once so pure, you are now like watered-down wine.  23 Your leaders are
rebels, the companions of thieves. All of them take bribes and refuse to
defend the orphans and the widows.    24 Therefore, the Lord, the LORD
Almighty, the Mighty One,  the Son of God says, "I will pour out my fury on
you,  my enemies!  25  I will turn against you. I will melt you down and skim
off your slag. I will remove all your impurities. 26 Afterward I will give
you good judges and wise counselors like the ones you used to  have. Then
America will again be called the One Nation, under God with Liberty and
Justice for all, and a Faithful City ."

27   Because the  LORD is just and righteous, the repentant people of America
will be redeemed.   28  But all sinners will  be completely destroyed, for
they refuse to come to the LORD.  29 Shame will cover you when you think  of
the times you offered your pittance of tithes, empty worship and hollow
prayers in church, synagogue, mosque and in your cathedrals filled with idols
and gold. You will blush when you think  of all the sins you committed in
those places of worship against the children and upon my people. 30 You will
wither away like an oak or garden  without water. 31 The strongest among you
will disappear like burning straw. Your evil deeds are the spark that will
set the straw on fire, and no one will be able to put it out.

CHAPTER 2
 Isaiah 2:1-22

1   This is another vision that Streeter saw concerning Washington, D.C.,
and The United States of America.  2  In distant and future  days, the land
of America, once called the New Jerusalem will become the most important
place on earth.  People from all over the world will go there to America. 3
Many nations will come and say, "Come, let us go seek brotherhood, peace and
understanding at the home of the United Nations.  Let us restore our faith
and hope and go up  to the mountain of the LORD, to the Temple of the God in
America.. There he will teach us his ways, so  that we may obey him." For in
those days the LORD's teaching and his word will go out from America, the New
Jerusalem  .4 The LORD, through the hands, wisdom and discernment of his
restored people will settle international disputes. All the nations will beat
their swords and weapons of mass destruction into plowshares and their spears
into pruning hooks.   All wars will stop, and military training will come to
an end.

5  Come, people of America, let us walk in the light of the LORD!   6 The
LORD has rejected the people of America because they have made alliances with
foreigners from both East and West who practice magic and divination, just as
the Philistines of old.  7   The United States has vast treasures of silver
and gold and an array of opulent transportation from limousines,, sport
utility vehicles, recreational vehicles, yachts, commercial and stealth
aircraft, trains and numerous other means of transportation. 8 Yet, the land
is filled with idols and driven by greed and self-satisfaction. The people
bow down and worship these things they have made.   9  So now everyone will
be humbled and brought low. The LORD cannot simply ignore their sins!

10   Crawl into caves in the rocks, panic rooms, hidden bunkers and hiding
places.. Hide from the terror of the LORD and the glory of his majesty.  11
The day is coming when your pride will be brought low and the LORD alone will
be exalted. 12  In that  day the LORD Almighty will punish the proud,
bringing them down to the dust. 13  He will cut down the  tall Red Woods of
California and the mighty oaks throughout the land. 14 He will level the high
mountains and hills.  15   He has already allowed the destruction of the twin
towers,  thus, every high tower and walls of protection will crumble.  16
He will allow the destruction of the great trading ships, Air Craft Carriers,
Ships of War, submersibles  and  even the small boats in the harbor. 17  The
arrogance of all people will be brought low.  Their pride will lie in the
dust.  The LORD alone will be exalted!  18   Idols will be utterly abolished
and destroyed.

19   When the   LORD rises to shake the earth, his enemies will crawl with
fear into holes in the ground. They will hide in caves in the rocks like Al
Quida, man made bunkers and useless panic rooms from the terror of the LORD
and the glory of his majesty. 20 They will abandon  their gold and silver
idols to the moles and bats.  21  They will crawl into caverns and hide among
the  jagged rocks at the tops of cliffs like the Essenes, the tragic
murderers of  Massada  Osama bin Ladden and the Al-Quida.  In this way, they
will try to escape the terror of the LORD and the  glory of his majesty as he
rises to shake the earth. 22   Stop putting your trust in mere humans. Trust
not your Presidents, politicians, elected officials, men of war, corrupt
Judges and lawyers. Even your priests, pastors, evangelists, faith healers,
members of clergy, imams, Popes, deacons, members of religious boards and
Ecclesiastical Councils have become corrupt,  compromised, their hands
stained with sin, many found guilty of molesting children. They  are as frail
as breath.  How can they be of help to anyone?

CHAPTER 3
Isaiah 3:1-26

 The Lord, the LORD Almighty, will cut off the supplies of food and water
from The United States of America.  2 He will allow the destruction of  all
the nation's leaders ? the heroes, soldiers, judges, prophets, diviners,
elders,   3 army officers, honorable citizens, advisers, skilled
psychologists, remote viewers and the expert profilers . 4 Then he will
appoint children to rule over them, and anarchy will prevail. 5 People will
take advantage of each other ? man against man, neighbor fighting neighbor.
Young people will revolt against authority, and   nobodies will sneer at
honorable people  .6  In those days a man will say to his brother, "Since you
have  a robe, you be our leader! Take charge of this heap of ruins!  "7
"No!"  he will reply. "I can't help. I don't  have any extra food or clothes.
Don't ask me to get involved!"

8.   Washington and America will lie in ruins because they speak his words
but their hearts and actions speak against the LORD and thus  refuse to obey
him. They have offended his glorious  presence among them.  9  The very look
on their faces gives them away and displays their guilt. They sin openly like
the people  of the biblical Sodom. They are not one bit ashamed. How terrible
it will be for them! They have brought about   their own destruction.  10
But all will be well for those who are godly. Tell them, "You will receive
a   wonderful reward!"   11 But say to the wicked,  "Your destruction is
sure. You, too, will get what you deserve. Your well earned punishment is on
the way."  12  Children oppress my people, and women rule over them.

O my people, can't you see what fools your rulers are? They are leading you
down a  pretty garden path to destruction. 13 The LORD takes his place in
court. He is the great prosecuting  attorney, presenting his case against his
people!  14  The leaders, political and spiritual and greedy corporate
executives will be the first to feel  the LORD's judgment.  "You have ruined
America, which is my chosen vineyard. You have taken advantage of the  poor,
filling your banks and pockets with stocks, bonds, retirement funds,
inheritances and moneys extorted from helpless people.  15  How dare you
grind my people   into the dust like that!"  demands the Lord, the LORD
Almighty.   16   Next the LORD will judge the free and liberated women of
America, who walk around with their noses in the air, with   tinkling
ornaments on their ankles. Their eyes rove among the crowds, flirting with
men and guilty of the same offenses and adulterous nature from which they
prayed for liberation.  17 The   Lord will send a plague of sickness and
disease to confront their lifestyle.  Yes, the LORD will make them bald for
all to  see!  18 The Lord will strip away their artful beauty ? their
ornaments, headbands, and crescent  necklaces;  19  their earrings,
bracelets, body piercings, veils of shimmering gauze and undergarments that
hide no secrets..  20  Gone will be their scarves,   ankle chains, sashes,
perfumes, tattoos and charms; 21 their rings, jewels, 22 party clothes,
gowns, capes,   and purses; 23 their mirrors, linen garments, head ornaments,
and shawls. 24 Instead of smelling of  sweet perfume, they will stink. They
will wear ropes for sashes, and their well-set hair will fall out. They  will
wear rough sackcloth instead of rich robes. Their beauty will be gone. Only
shame will be left to   them.  25 The men of the city will die in battle. 26
The gates of America will weep and mourn.  The cities of America will be like
a ravaged woman, huddled on the ground.


CHAPTER 4
Isaiah 4:1-6

1  In that day few men will be left alive. Seven women will fight over each
of them and say, "Let us all  marry you! We will provide our own food and
clothing. Only let us be called by your name so we won't  be mocked as old
maids."

2 But in the future, America ? the branch of the LORD ? will be lush and
beautiful, and the fruit of the land  will be the pride of its people. 3 All
those whose names are written down, who have survived the  destruction of
America, will be a holy people. 4 The Lord will wash the moral filth from the
women of  America.  He will cleanse The United States of America of its
bloodstains by a spirit of judgment that burns like fire. 5  Then the LORD
will provide shade for America and all who assemble there. There will be a
canopy of   smoke and cloud throughout the day and clouds of fire at night,
covering the glorious land. 6 It will be   a shelter from daytime heat and a
hiding place from storms and rain.

CHAPTER 5
Isaiah 5:1-30

 1 Now I will sing a song for the one I love about his vineyard: My beloved
has a vineyard on a rich and  fertile hill. 2 He plowed the land, cleared its
stones, and planted it with choice vines. In the middle he  built a watch
tower and carved a wine press in the nearby rocks. Then he waited for a
harvest of sweet grapes, but the grapes that grew were wild and sour.

3 "Now, you people of Washington and of America, you have heard the case; you
be the judges. 4 What more could I have done to cultivate a rich harvest? Why
did my vineyard give me wild grapes when I expected sweet ones?  5  Now this
is what I am going to do to my vineyard: I will tear down its fences and let
it be destroyed.   I will break down its walls and let the animals trample
it.  6 I will make it a wild place. I will not prune the vines or hoe the
ground. I will let it be overgrown with briars and thorns. I will command the
clouds to drop no more  rain on it."   7 This is the story of the LORD's
people. They are the vineyard of the LORD Almighty.  America and Europe were
his chosen and pleasant gardens. He expected them to yield a crop of justice,
but instead he found  bloodshed. He expected to find righteousness, but
instead he heard cries of oppression.  You  proclaimed his name to kill, rape
and destroy lands for Crusades, slavery, and genocide of native peoples 8
Destruction is certain for you who buy up property so others have no place to
live. Your homes are  built on great estates so you can be alone in the land.
9 But the LORD Almighty has sealed your awful  fate. With my own ears I heard
him say, "Many beautiful homes will stand deserted, the owners dead  or gone.
10 Ten acres of vineyard will not produce even six gallons of wine. Ten
measures of seed will   yield only one measure of grain."  11  Destruction is
certain for you who get up early to begin long   drinking bouts that last
late into the night. 12 You furnish lovely music and wine at your grand
parties;  the guitars, keyboards, percussion, and brass are superb! But you
never think about the LORD or notice what he is doing.
13    So I will send my people into exile far away because they do not know
me. The   great and honored among them will starve, and the common people
will die of thirst.  14  The grave is licking its chops in anticipation of
America's people, this delicious morsel. Her great and lowly will be
swallowed up, with all her drunken crowds.  15   In that day the arrogant
will be brought down to the   dust; the proud will be humbled. 16 But the
LORD Almighty is exalted by his justice. The holiness of God is displayed by
his righteousness. 17  In those days flocks will feed among the ruins; lambs
and kids will   pasture there.

18   Destruction is certain for those who drag their sins behind them, tied
with cords of falsehood. 19  They even mock the Holy One and say, "Hurry up
and do something! Quick, show us what you  can do. We want to see what you
have planned." 20  Destruction is certain for those who say that evil is good
and good is evil;  that dark is light and light is dark; that bitter is sweet
and sweet is bitter.  21   Destruction is certain for those who think they
are wise and consider themselves to be clever  .22    Destruction is certain
for those who are heroes when it comes to drinking, who boast about all the
liquor they can hold. 23  They take bribes to pervert justice. They let the
wicked go free while punishing the innocent.  24  Therefore, they will all
disappear like burning straw. Their roots will rot and their    flowers
wither, for they have rejected the law of the LORD Almighty. They have
despised the word of the Holy One who chose America as the new Jerusalem.

25   That is why the anger of the LORD burns against his people. That is why
he   has raised his fist to crush them. The hills tremble, and the rotting
bodies of his people are thrown as garbage into the streets. But even then
the LORD's anger will not be satisfied. His fist is still poised to  strike!
26  He will send a signal to the nations far away. He will whistle to those
at the ends of the earth, and they will come racing toward the once mighty
America. 27 They will not get tired or stumble. They will run  without
stopping for rest or sleep. Not a belt will be loose, not a boot broken. 28
Their  missiles and smart bombs will be programed and their nuclear
armaments, chemical and biological weapons ready for battle. Sparks will fly
from their Armored vehicles as the wheels of mighty armed land movers spin
like the wind. 29  Roaring like lions, they will pounce on their prey. They
will seize my people and carry them off into captivity, and no one will be
there to rescue them.  30  The  enemy nations will growl over their victims
like the roaring of the sea. A cloud of darkness and sorrow  will hover over
America, the New Jerusalem. The clouds will blot out the light.  It will
announce the end of an era.

CHAPTER 6
Isaiah 6:1-13
Then God spoke to my heart, He touched my lips  and said, "See, you have
heard my voice and felt my touch on your lips. Now your guilt is removed, and
your sins are forgiven.   "8 Then I heard the Lord   asking,  "Whom should I
send as a messenger to my people? Who will go for us?" And I said, "Lord,
I'll  go! Send me." 9 And he said, "Yes, go. But tell my people this: 'You
will hear my words, but you will not understand.  You will see what I do, but
you will not perceive its meaning.'  10 For as in the days of Isaiah the
hearts of my people have hardened.  They Close their ears, and shut their
eyes. In that way, they will not see with their eyes, hear with their ears,
understand with their hearts, and no longer turn to me for healing."  11 Then
I said,  "Lord, how long must I do  this?"  And he replied,  "Until their
cities are devastated and in ruin, with but a few left in them. Until their
houses are  deserted and the whole country is an utter wasteland.  12 Do not
stop until the LORD has sent the unjust, guilty, the murderers, molesters,
killers, deceitful ones, greedy, thieves, unbelievers and those who
dishonored my Word and ignored my will, I will send them away to distant
lands and the entire land of America lies all but deserted. 13 Even if only a
tenth ? a  remnant ? survive, it will be invaded again and burned. America
will remain as a  stump, like a tree that is cut  down, but the stump will be
a holy seed that will grow again."

CHAPTER 9
Isaiah 9:1-21

1 Nevertheless, that time of darkness and despair will not go on forever. The
land  will soon be humbled, but there will be a time in the future when new
Galilee of the Gentiles, which  lies along the land that runs between the
Atlantic and the Pacific sea, will be filled with glory. 2 The people  who
walk in darkness will see a great light ? a light that will shine on all who
live in the land where death casts its shadow.

3   The  United States of America will again be great, and its people will
rejoice as people rejoice at  harvest time. They will shout with joy like
warriors dividing the plunder. 4 For God will break the chains that bind his
people and the whip that scourges them, just as he did when he destroyed the
army of  Midian with Gideon's little band in days of old. 5 In that day of
peace, battle gear will no longer be issued. Never   again will uniforms be
bloodstained by war. All such equipment will be burned.

6  For the child that was born to  us,  the son that was given to us, the son
of God man rejected was crucified, buried and then gloriously resurrected.
The government will at last rest on his shoulders. These have thus become his
royal titles:   Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince
of Peace. 7 His ever expanding, peaceful government will never end. He will
rule forever with fairness and justice from the throne of his ancestor
David. The passionate commitment of the LORD Almighty will guarantee this!
No more will man incur inquisitions, burnings, sentences of heresy and
excommunication.   Did not the Apostle Paul, one of my chosen servants and
disciples say that �nothing but nothing can separate us from the love that we
have in Christ Jesus?�

8 The Lord has spoken out against that braggarts of Washington, 9 and the
people of America and Europe will  soon discover it. In their pride and
arrogance they say, 10 "Our land lies in ruins now, but we will   rebuild it
better than before. We will replace the broken bricks with cut stone, the
fallen sycamore trees with cedars."   11 The LORD will reply to their
bragging by bringing their many enemies against them ? 12   along with Asians
from the east and Arabs from the west. With bared   fangs, they will devour
America. But even then the LORD's anger will not be satisfied. His fist is
still poised to strike.  13 For after all this punishment, the people will
still not repent and turn to the LORD  Almighty.  14 Therefore, in a single
day, the LORD will allow the destruction of both the head and the tail, the
palm branch and the reed. 15 The leaders of America are the head, and the
lying pastors, preachers, evangelists, teachers, Imams, Monks, Rabbis,
priests and prophets are the tail.  16   For    the leaders of the people
have led them down the path of destruction. 17 That is why the Lord has no
joy in the young men and no mercy on even the widows and orphans. For they
are all hypocrites,   speaking wickedness with lies. But even then the LORD's
anger will not be satisfied. His fist is still poised to strike.   18 This
wickedness is like a brushfire. It burns not only briars and thorns but the
forests, too. Its burning sends up vast clouds of smoke. 19 The land is
blackened by the fury of the LORD Almighty. The people are fuel for the fire,
and no one spares anyone else. 20 They fight against  their own neighbors to
steal food, but they will still be hungry. In the end they will even eat
their own  children. But even then the LORD's anger will not be satisfied.
His fist is still poised to strike. These things will bring to pass the end
of an era.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2 Chronicles 7:14 -

I Proclaim again, as I did to those in Israel who have not listened that, If
my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray,
and seek my face,  and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from
heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal  their land.


There are those who will argue that we are to �render unto Caesar what is
Caesar's and unto God what is Gods.�  Therefore we, as Christians, should
focus on things positive and spiritual and leave the politicians and the
military to their work.  We are also reminded of the words of Peter who said
�Submit yourselves for the Lord's sake to every authority instituted among
men; whether to the King, as the supreme authority, or to governors, who are
sent by him to punish those who do wrong and do commend those who do right.�
Peter also advised that slaves submit to their masters and wives submit
themselves to their husbands.  I�ll not go into the all the reasons,
cultural, religious and political at that time in history.  Let it suffice
that the norms of the time where far from those today, particularly those
rights and freedoms enjoyed by citizens of these United States of America.

Citizens of Rome did not live under a Democracy.  Citizens of America are the
government.  At least that was our founding father's intentions.  We are �a
government of the people, by the people and for the people.�  Whatever
actions, including war, are initiated against other people and countries,
will be interpreted by those citizens as an attack by the free will and
consent of the citizens of America.  Citizens of other countries, including
dictatorships, fiefdoms and leaders of Third World countries are not governed
by their people.  They believe what their leaders tell them, without
question.  American's have become complacent and disinterested in what their
leaders say and do.  Foreigners will view an attack on their country and/or
leaders as approved by, funded by and carried out by our, �In God We Trust,�
�Christian� leaders, soldiers and citizens.

I recently heard a Rabbi state that it was all the �good Christian� officers
and soldiers of the Third Reich that carried out the orders of Adolph Hitler
and  like good soldiers made the  horrific Holocaust the �final solution� a
reality.   Were these soldiers, these good Christian soldiers merely
following the command of Peter to �submit to authority?� (1)    If it is true
that God puts into power whom he chooses then Adolph Hitler was chosen of
God.  Could it be that God was testing the good citizens and soldiers of
Germany in allowing the �final solution� to see how far these good
�Christian� soldiers  would follow orders and �submit to authority ?�  Was
God using the �final solution� to once again send a message to his �Chosen
people� that they had strayed from his will and commandments?     A History
Channel program recently presented that Nazi soldiers were ordered to
impregnate young German women in order to increase the �pure� German line.
The officer who initiated this plan, Himmler,  was a church going
�Christian.�  He ran into trouble when married officers refused to have
sexual relations with women other than their wives, as they too were
Christians and to do so would have them commit adultery. (2)  Yet it did not
prevent them from slaughtering millions of Jews.  So many atrocities have
been committed by �Christians.�  So many fall back on Peter as an excuse and
merely follow authority and orders.  The seeds have found fertile ground and
taken root.  The harvest is near.

Atrocities in Vietnam, Panama, Nicaragua, Cambodia, our own Native American
Indians were slaughtered, raped, tortured and even subjected to chemical
warfare. (Remember the smallpox infected blankets given to Indians (3),
Vietnam�s Agent Orange, Project 112  (4), and the spraying of Navy ships,
crew and civilians with deadly chemicals, contrails all over our skies,
Depleted Uranium used in the Gulf War, Gulf War Illness (5),  the HARP
project,  deadly vaccines, and on and on and on ?)  America is still the only
nation to have dropped not one, but two Nuclear bombs, not on military
targets but, targeted at innocent men, women and children. History has proven
that this act was unnecessary, for at that point in time the war was all but
won.   Our soldiers, like the Nazi's, were only following orders and merely
submitted to authority.   Strap a bomb to your waist and sacrifice your life
for your country, cause and people and you are labeled a �coward,� a
Terrorist.  Drop a smart bomb from 15,000 feet while on drugs, on innocent
men, women and children and you're declared a hero.  �Just following orders,
just submitting to authority,� they will answer.  The seeds have found
fertile ground and taken root.  The harvest is near.

Following 9/11 the question was asked �why do they hate us?�  Our leaders and
the church chose to  ignore that question.  To date no one in the
administration even wants to investigate as to how the attack came about.
Keep in  mind, a period of twenty minutes transpired between the first
commercial airline striking the first tower yet, twenty minutes was not
enough time for our elite air force and military to prevent the second and
third attack.  Of course, President Bush hopped aboard Air Force One and like
a scared Texas Jack Rabbit ran for his life and stayed airborne for most of
the day, until Dickie said it was OK to land and eventually come home.  Oh,
and while all air traffic was forbidden immediately following the attack on
the Towers and the Pentagon, our fearless leader, now safe in Air Force One
surrounded by jet fighters, allowed one Saudi Arabian plane to take to the
air and whisk the Bin Ladden family out of the country..

I fear that it is already too late for America to turn from it's road to
destruction.  9/11 was a warning unheeded.  Whether it be 10%,  25% or  90%
of the cities, farmlands and citizens of America that will experience God's
judgment, America is about to reap what it has sown.  It is time for
believers to know where they stand with God.  It is time for �the church� to
take a stand for God and not follow the whims of misguided leaders nor be
seduced by feelings of �patriotism.�  Our allegiance is to God and God
alone.   Those who fail to stand fast will crumble.  As Josh McDowell once
asked �If you were arrested for being a Christian, would there be enough
evidence to convict you?�

God will not cause but he will allow these things to come to pass.   It is
said that �those who refuse to remember and learn from the past are condemned
to relive it.�  The seeds have found fertile ground and taken root.  The
�harvest�  of souls that all sincere Christians have worked for is not the
harvest to be reaped.  In this harvest,  the harvest is ripe and the laborers
are countless.  The seeds have found fertile ground and taken root.  The
harvest is near.

When, you may ask, will all this come bout?  Like Isaiah and the prophets
before me I cannot answer that question.  It is not for me to know the day,
time and hour.  However, just as sure as Noah was warned of the flood,
Abraham was given the promise, the destruction of Jerusalem and the temple
was foretold by Isaiah, the Son of God would be born of a virgin, suffer, die
and be resurrected, so shall these things come to pass.

The Holy Scriptures tell us that a prophet is �one who speaks for God,
confronting the people and their leaders with God's commands and promises.
Because of this confrontational stance and the continuing tendency of people
to disobey God, the prophets usually were not very popular.  But though their
message often went unheeded, they faithfully and forcefully proclaimed the
truth. (Life Application Bible, Introduction to Isaiah, page 1386)

I believe I have faithfully carried out the mission that God has called me to
do in this hour.   In the words of Mother Theresa, �I was not called to be
popular, I was called to be faithful.�  I therefore set my hand to this
document.

I cry for America.

Richard C.  Streeter


(1)  There has been a great deal of debate over church (Catholic &
Protestant) responses to National Socialism. For the most part, the ethical
prognosis for the Christian communities in Germany is poor. Nazism
infiltrated the Protestant churches under the banner of the German Christian
(Deutsche Christen)  movement.  The "German Christians" sprang up in
Protestant parishes across Germany.  The organization advocated the creation
of an "Aryan Paragraph" in church synods that would prevent non-aryans
(Jewish converts) from participating, ministering or teaching  within the
churches.
(http://hometown.aol.com/baronvanc/christia.htm)

(2)  It was Himmler who supported the idea of unmarried women partnering SS
men at Lebensborns - he saw nothing wrong with single women having children
as long as both mother and father were racially pure. In October 1939 he told
the SS that women, single or married, should, out of patriotic duty, get
themselves pregnant by soldiers who were about to go to war. The idea of
racial purity and racial excellence came to dominate Himmler's mind  - as did
hunting out traitors in Germany. middle to identify them to the public.

(3)  �Pen Pictures of Early Western Pennsylvania,�  John W. Harpster, ed.
(University of Pittsburgh Press, 1938).]

Trent's entry for May 24, 1763, includes the following statement:

       ...� we gave them two Blankets and an Handkerchief out of the
       Small Pox Hospital. I hope it will have the desired effect.�

(4)   WASHINGTON-The Department of Defense (DoD) acknowledged for the first
time last month that civilians  were exposed to toxic chemicals and/or
biological agents on American soil during a series of military tests in the
1960s and 1970s known as Project 112. According to DoD press releases,
various Project 112 tests employed the chemicals Sarin (GB), Soman (GD),
Tabun (GA), VX, Ester of benzillic acid (BZ), CS Riot Control agent; and the
biological agents Coxiella burnetii (which causes Q fever  in humans),
Francisella tularensis (UL, TT, ZZ), Puccinia  graminis var. tritici, and
Staphylococcal enterotoxin Type B  (PG2).

(5)   "What we're looking at is a  biological weapon," said Joyce Riley
(gulfwarvets.com ) about Gulf War Illness (GWI). She believes GWI is a
communicable disease, with not  only spouses and children in families of
veterans coming  down with symptoms, but their  pets as well. Riley, an
impassioned speaker, is a nurse  who served as a captain in the  Gulf War.
"We're looking at an  astronomical figure," Riley said  estimating that as
many as  400,000 veterans have some  symptoms of GWI.






