From 209241349832160537
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7fb267090a5177e0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-11 12:00:07 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <vh1eevgoorif70fcgj2oprlo6a1f69jcne@dafox.den.com>
Subject: Re: Patch message 6-11-03
Lines: 478
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <V_KFa.35026$6f3.5684823@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Wed, 11 Jun 2003 19:00:05 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1055358005 216.232.78.121 (Wed, 11 Jun 2003 13:00:05 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 11 Jun 2003 13:00:05 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:287270


"DaFox" <SuperDaFox@postoffice.worldnet.att.net> wrote in message
news:vh1eevgoorif70fcgj2oprlo6a1f69jcne@dafox.den.com...
> June 11, 2003   3:00 am
> ------------------------------

    I was almost late for work this morning. I kept re-reading and
re-reading the patch message, not able to believe the amount of good stuff
in it.

> ** Experience System Change - Grouping **

    As long as the changes work exactly as described, this change is going
to be great. I'll be getting more XP for doing the exact same thing I was
doing prior to the patch - can't beat that!

> ** Experience System Change - Level 60+ **
>
> In addition to the above changes, we have increased the range of NPC
levels that give
> a character experience after they reach level 60.  This will open up many
of the "old
> world" zones to players previously restricted to Planes of Power zones for
experience
> gain.  The range of NPCs that will be "blue" to a level 65 character has
been
> increased as far as level 50, with the "light blue" range extending to
level 45.  The
> best experience gains, however, are still for fighting things around and
above your
> level.  This should open up areas for high level characters in groups and
solo.

    This should help casual players a lot. One of the big problems in EQ for
casual players is the amount of "setup time" required to get going. Travel
time got knocked down with PoP, but you still have LFG time. And as you get
higher and higher level, groups start to have more "required classes" to be
efficient. With lower-level mobs now giving XP, you can start playing
without having to wait for some of those "required classes".

> ** Interface **
>
> - Shared Bank Vault - We've added two shared bank slots to the interface.
These
> extra bank slots can be accessed by any character on the same account and
server.
> No-Drop and No Rent items can't be placed in these bank slots, and only
one of any
> specific Lore item can exist in the shared bank at any time.

    OH
    HELL
    YES

    As a tradeskiller and avid twinker, this is just huge for me. My
characters have a ton of stuff to pass between them (one is the enchanter
mule, one is the alchemy mule, one is the poison mule, etc.) This change
allows me to use my characters as I originally envisioned, supporting one
another. It also means my enchanter, the Bazaar mule, can become the
official "keeper of the cash" without causing problems for the others. Now I
just need to convert those 22 High Quality Rockhopper Hides I bought
recently into 10 slot backpacks and start passing them out!

> - Spell Context Menus - This is a new interface menu that will make
memorizing spells
> less tedious.  To access the spell menu, just right-click an empty spell
gem.  This
> will open a list of spell categories.  Point your mouse at a category and
a list of
> spells will be displayed.  Select a spell from that list to memorize it in
that slot.
> Your character will sit down, memorize the spell and stand back up.

    As someone with organized spellbooks I don't see much use in this, but
for some like enchanters I'm sure it'll be a godsend. Too many useful spells
to organize properly!

> - Spell Favorites - Spell favorites are an easy way to memorize a full set
of eight
> spells without the tedious book searching.

    This just rocks. Having a two-click process for memming after death will
save me a lot of boredom. And some classes like magicians will be thrilled,
considering what they have to go through when they start for the day.

> - Spell Descriptions - We have expanded the spell description window.
Along with the
> information that has always been available, we have added an explanation
about what
> the spell does in general that includes damage and duration when
appropriate.

    Long overdue. Nice to see it finally added. Now about that mana
display.... ;-)

> - NPC Names - Many NPCs will be displaying additional titles to make it
clearer what
> their job is.  For example, an NPC that sells tailoring supplies may have
the title
> [Tailor Supplies] under their name.  This will help folks find the proper
merchant.
> It's analogous to them hanging out their shingle.

    Another nifty feature. Even for a tradeskiller like myself, remembering
which vendor has what exact supplies was difficult. Now, at a glance I can
tell which vendors to look at to find the items I'm searching for.

> - Spell level limits now enforced - Some high level spells cannot be cast
on
> characters under a certain level.  In the past a caster could get around
this level
> restriction when casting a group version of a spell by targeting a higher
level group
> member, and the spell would take effect on the whole group, regardless of
their
> level.  That loophole has been closed.  We're sorry if you have grown
accustomed to
> the system working this way, but those level restrictions are important to
the
> integrity of lower level gameplay.

    It's about time. I can finally travel through Plane of Knowledge without
getting half a dozen tells asking for Virtue "plz, Plz, PLZ". It was a bug,
everyone knew it was a bug, it's gone, deal with it. It'll be interesting to
see how many people leave the game because the pace isn't fast enough,
though.

> - Incineration and Conglaciation of Bones - Both of these spells should
now crit and
> stack (when cast by different casters).

    Nifty! Too bad that means more raid mobs in skeleton form. =/

> - Divine Intervention - This spell should now be reporting the amount of
healing it
> delivers.

    This'll be interesting for parsing the effects of UD 1, UD 2 etc. Time
to empty the guild bank for emerald money!

> - Healing Messages - The target of a healing spell will now get a message
telling
> them the caster's name and the amount of healing they receive.

    Um, they already get this. I hope they didn't mess with it. Since the
change went in I've got a lot of "thanks, you saved my life!" tells. Those
really make clerics feel happy. =)

> - Reporting Damage Over Time - Damage over Time (DoT) done to NPCs will
now be
> reported to the caster every time it does damage.  These messages can be
filtered in
> the Options window.

    This will be great for people that parse, including melees with weapons
that proc DoTs. It'll also tell us whether extended affliction items work as
intended, and will give exact info on how much damage Splurt does (including
an extended Splurt).

> - Wake of Karana - To improve the usefulness of this spell, we have
lowered the
> recast time from 90 seconds to 15 seconds.

    Yay! Most druids don't keep the spell memmed, so before when a
raid/group asked for the rain to be removed it took 90 seconds for the spell
to fill in. Now the spell is useful as a "get rid of this now" effect.

> - Beastlord Warders - Beastlords will once again be able to summon their
warders in
> the Plane of Sky.  Sorry for the delay in getting this one fixed properly.

    I wish they'd look into the situation with horses in the Plane of
Earth-A, as that is really, REALLY annoying. A summary of the problems:

    Sometimes, when someone on horseback dies the horse is left behind as a
free-standing NPC. This NPC is indifferent to all, and will not attack if
attacked. This is annoying in and of itself, as healers that /assist off the
mob to get a target will suddenly find this stupid horse blocking their line
of sight when using F8. But it gets better. If the caster of the horse zones
in and attempts to summon a horse, they are immediately teleported to
wherever their old horse is. We lost a few casters when doing a CR to the GY
that way - they click to get back on the horse after res, get ported out to
wherever we wiped out, and get creamed by whatever is still there. Now,
assuming the caster isn't killed by re-summoning a horse, you have a new
problem. If someone summons a horse before the old NPC horse is killed, the
NPC horse re-appears standing on the head of the person that summoned it. It
can still be targetted, but it cannot be attacked. Until the person with the
horse for a hat dismounts (at which point the horse becomes a free-standing
NPC again), you can't get rid of the horse and it again blocks /assist
healing. VERY annoying bug.

    Oh, and very rarely the slain horse NPC leaves a corpse. No idea what
triggers (no pun intended) this - usually the horse poofs when killed. We
have a great "working as intended" screenshot of a horse pet in Earth-A
created by a guild necromancer using Wake The Dead.

> - Spell stacking and blocking - Changed the following spell lines to cause
them to
> bounce off of each other.  Each line should block everything from the
other line, but
> still be overwritten by spells of the same line.

    That sounds like about the best possible fix for the stacking issues
those spells had. Means I need to be sure to click off BST or RNG HP buffs
once a PAL logs on, but that's a relatively small sacrifice. And the people
in guild that like using one of the other class HP buffs, but have to cast
their own on others, will be dancing with glee. We have one guild paladin
that uses SoT, for example, and had to get it re-applied after every time he
was asked for BSS. You wouldn't believe how much he whined about it. ;-)

> - Translocation spells - Fixed a bug with translocation spells.  If a
second
> translocation spell was cast on a character before he had accepted the
first, both
> would fail.

    You also sometimes would get sent to zone-in when Gating when an x-loc
landed on you. When that happened, the x-loc box would freeze and you'd be
unable to accept it or cast other spells until you camped out. Very annoying
bug, hope this means it's gone for good.

> Spell casting pets - In the past, pets were restricted to casting spells
of level
> 20 and below.  We have given them access to higher level spells.  You may
want to be
> careful with them until you get used to their new abilities.

    On Test, the highest level magician fire pet was casting Ice Comet. And
the wizards on Graffe's had their robes in a knot about one of their
"signature" spells being used by a pet. So it will be interesting to see
what the Live fire pet casts. Also on Test, the fire pet was able to cast
Atol's Spectral Shackles (a snare spell), and it would cast AoE spells if
multiple mobs were on the hate list. Should be interesting!

> - Drunken Riders - We fixed an odd bug that allowed people who were
extremely drunk
> to cast spells without mana cost while on a horse.  Yes, crazy bugs like
that
> actually happen.  :)

    You mean like the horse bug I listed above?

> - Droga and Nurga - The mines of Nurga have been inhabited by crafty
Goblins and
> stolid Burynai for many long years, digging and slaving away under the
earth.  It's
> time to shake them up!  The redesign for these zones are now on the
Legends server,
> Stormhammer.  The mines of Nurga are a fun zone for characters of levels
about 40 to
> 55.  The Temple of Droga accommodates characters around 50th to 65th
level.  Both
> zones will have some new events and quest, while retaining the distinct
feel of the
> zones.

    Be interesting to see if they're worth visiting now. Will also be
interesting to see how quests involving those zones have been reworked. Two
I can think of off the top of my head are the monk epic and the Iksar monk
Shackle of Steel quest.

> - Veksar - Since the rediscovery of the lands of Kunark, there have been
rumors
> springing from the ancient lore of the Iksar.  Most of those rumors remain
unfounded,
> as gaining access to the lore of the insular Iksar is no easy task.  One
of the most
> persistent legends is about a city that lies buried under the Lake of Ill
Omen.  That
> city was called Veksar, and it is up to you to discover the tale of its
fate.

    New Hate, new Veksar - I need more free time! It will be interesting to
see if some of the relatively minor complaints coming from Test about the
zone have been addressed. Oh, and save those weapons that you get there -
there's a quest that allows anyone to build ALL Cabilis factions up
involving them.

> - Planes of Power access - Planes of Power has provided us with valuable
insight into
> the group and guild dynamics that are involved in large scale games.  The
way that we
> had expected guilds to advance through the story of Planes of Power has
become a
> problem for some guilds as some members have fallen behind and found it
difficult to
> catch up.  Obviously this was not our intention.  We want people to play
with their
> friends and guild mates.
>
> To correct this issue, we will be allowing characters to enter the
following Planes
> of Power zones by meeting a simple level requirement:
>
> Level 55 and over
> Plane of Storms
> Plane of Torment
> Plane of Valor
> Crypt of Decay
>
> Level 62 and over
> Bastion of Thunder
> Halls of Honor
>
> Characters that don't meet the level requirement may still enter these
zones using
> the existing flags, and raids may still bring additional unflagged or
lower level
> characters with them.  All other planes with flag or story requirements
for entry
> will still require those flags, and those flags can still be obtained as
they always
> have.
>
> This will make the majority of Planes of Power zones available to
characters over the
> minimum level, and will allow their guilds to travel and adventure
together in the
> planes.  We understand that those that have already earned the entry flags
for these
> zones have put some effort into that accomplishment.  We will be giving a
reward to
> those that have done so, in the form of a nice Charm slot item and
Alternate
> Advancement points based on the number of planes you've gained access to.

    WOO-HOO, CHA-CHING! If the charm is anything like the one I described
here earlier in the week, I'll be thrilled. Hell, if the charm does ANYTHING
I'll be thrilled! And the rumour off Test is two AA points for each of those
planes you can access, so 12 AA's max. That would rock for me, as I've been
trying to avoid putting points in New Tanaan as long as I had "real AA's"
left to buy. With these unplanned AA's I could buy three levels of New
Tanaan and not feel any guilt about doing so, and have enough left banked to
buy one of the abilities I've been saving towards (Advanced Healing Gift II
or Mental Clarity III). This should more than adequately reward the people
most hurt by the change, those with the Tier II/III flags but not Tier IV
flags, and it helps open up some more real estate for post-60 characters.

> The reward for planar progression will be available this week.  We found
an issue
> with part of the reward on Test server, and are in the process of fixing
it.  This is
> a top priority and we plan to bring it to all live servers this week.

    I guess they saw us warming up the tar and feathers when we read that
the reward wasn't ready yet. ;-)

> - Great Divide - The Plane of Knowledge portal in the Great Divide will
now be
> available when the Ring War is in progress.

    About time. Being stuck in GD when a ring war starts can really suck for
a melee. You either beg the ring war raid for an x-loc out, call in a porter
friend, or run from GD to Freeport (the nearest PoK book). Or just camp and
give up on doing anything with that character for a few hours.

> - Bastion of Thunder - We have upgraded the loot available from many of
the
> mini-bosses in the Bastion of Thunder to make the reward more inline with
the risk.

    Hmm. Most people that complain about the loot don't complain about the
quality so much as the frequency. You kill a named, and he drops nothing but
fungus clumps a lot of the time. I hope what they really meant is they've
upped the loot frequency, not the quality.

> - Rallos Zek encounter - Rallos Zek will remove anyone from the zone that
attacks him
> if they are not part of the raid that has him engaged.  Even in war, there
are rules
> to be followed.

    Ho ho, I can just imagine all the hilarity and bugs that could result
from this one! Don't go LD during a Rallos fight, folks, it could get ugly!

> - Tradeskill item flag - There is a new flag on items.  When viewing the
information
> about an item, if you see that it has a Tradeskill flag, it is an item
that can be
> used in a tradeskill recipe. This isn't to clearly spell out every item
that is used
> in every tradeskill recipe.  The intent is to assist those who are finding
items that
> do not already have an obvious use, by letting them know that the item is
used in a
> tradeskill recipe, somewhere.

    QQ, no more easy finds off vendors for me. Especially not now that
moving such items to a Bazaar mule is so easy. Still, a positive move for
the tradeskill community. Now if only they'd fix the collapsible sewing kit
so it could perform ALL combines. Right now some of the Velious recipes (and
just some, not all) still require the Coldain Sewing Kit, which defeats the
purpose of the collapsible kit.

> - LoY "Fine Steel" - Many of the more commonly dropped weapons in the
Legacy of
> Ykesha zones were a bit too powerful for the ease and level needed to get
them.  Some
> of the most out of line items were the Harpoon, Luggald Trident, and
Luggald Dagger.
> We've decided that it is necessary to tune them down a bit.

    I wondered about some of those ratios. Guess I wasn't the only one!

> - The Hollow Acrylia Obelisk - This is the old Acrylia key.  It has been
changed into
> a charm.  This charm can be used by anyone, not just those that own LoY.

    About time, they promised to reward those people months ago. Honestly, I
hope this charm has better stats than the PoP charm. Those people worked
their asses off for what turned out to be very broken content.

> - Charm of the Brotherhood - This item will now give a bonus when grouped
with others
> of either the same class or race.

    So it triggers off both at once? Nifty. I wonder if it double counts
people that are the same race and class as the charm holder, too.

> - Magi`Kot's Pants of Convergence - The effect on this item has been
changed to
> summon a Rod of Mystical Transvergance.

    Wow. That is an amazing right-click ability, well worth the effort
required to get the pants!

> - The Wristguard of Keen Vision - This item is now useable by int.
casters.

    This was on FoH's site just last week, how the Wristguard should also be
INT-usable. ;-)

> - Newly Stackable Items - Valor Crystals, Ceramic Linings, Holgresh Fur
and Casks are
> now stackable.  Also, Valor Crystals can be sold to vendors.

    OMG, casks are stackable just as I'm about to get a level of New Tanaan
and cap out Brewing with Minotaur Hero Brews! Someone up there really,
really likes me!

> - Sewer Catfish - These unappetizing fish have begun to appear in Cabilis.
>
> - Klok Foob - Will now accept a Catfish Croak Sandwich.

    After putting the honey mush bread in game for Klok Foob's long-broken
quest, the designers found out catfish were off the fishing table and Klok
Foob wouldn't accept a sandwich even if you did manage to make one. Talk
about broken!

> - Quests - There are even more quests in the newbie zones, most of them
revolving
> around the pests that seem to inhabit even the grandest cities.

    I noticed some "a rodent" mobs running around in Felwithe and Kaladim
when I went shopping there recently. I didn't want to attack them, though,
in case the guards assited the rodent or some other such foolishness. ;-)

> - We are working on an update to the Luclin player character model
animations.  This
> will not be a complete revamp of all the animations, but will address some
of the
> most common concerns.  However, in the mean time you may see some unusual
animations,
> particularly when shorter PCs are running.

    So people will laugh at me even more than they do now. Yay. Fix my beard
so I can change its colour and I'll forgive you! I hope these changes
recapture some of the unique aspects of the old animations. For example,
female gnomes and dwarves used to have a very unique sidehand swing on their
two handed slash animation. Our gnome warrior that recently got a Blade of
War had the guild in stitches as they watched her "baseball swing" with it
(most people still use old models on most races/sexes). It would be nice to
see some of that in the new animations, instead of the cookie-cutter "same
body shape, same movements for all races and sexes" we have now.

    James




