From -7361797455602972153
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1139dd65bb96d9b4
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!cyclone.socal.rr.com!pln-w!lotsanews.com!cyclone-sf.pbi.net!216.196.106.144!border2.nntp.sjc.giganews.com!border1.nntp.sjc.giganews.com!border2.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!elnk-atl-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.atl.earthlink.net!newsread3.news.atl.earthlink.net.POSTED!104af883!not-for-mail
From: "hughes" <hughesiv@earthlink.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <jMgtc.7858$wI4.910607@wards.force9.net> <657bb0h4hg05f1ait696qcr125r680p6o8@4ax.com> <40b622d0$0$87956$ed2619ec@ptn-nntp-reader01.plus.net> <Rgwtc.28211$zO3.27301@newsread2.news.atl.earthlink.net> <40b70b10$0$8985$afc38c87@news.optusnet.com.au> <1JNtc.2964$Yd3.2824@newsread3.news.atl.earthlink.net> <40b7d561$0$3036$afc38c87@news.optusnet.com.au> <EqUtc.29438$zO3.23216@newsread2.news.atl.earthlink.net> <3msgb0pa0fik39s4gd86jodf5jhjvnuh34@4ax.com> <2h1hb0td03p1rbmh4m6qvc3rlvj20ak8rb@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: Googlewars
Lines: 3290
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2739.300
Message-ID: <i23uc.3809$Yd3.2635@newsread3.news.atl.earthlink.net>
Date: Sat, 29 May 2004 16:40:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.87.170.247
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread3.news.atl.earthlink.net 1085848846 65.87.170.247 (Sat, 29 May 2004 09:40:46 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 29 May 2004 09:40:46 PDT
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4114

> Aye, he's an all-round, ill-informed idiot, which is why he looks up
> to a mental midget like Bush  :D

Kinda funny since i voted for harry browne. I also already said I was not at
all overjoyed with bush policies. Since there seems to be some doubt about
what the conventions actually say here have a copy. I am also including a
link to the signatories for the convention, my apologies for it being in
french.
http://www.eda.admin.ch/eda/f/home/foreign/intagr/train/iprotection.Par.0002
.UpFile.pdf/mt_020304_GE29pris_f.pdf

I like to think of myself as well rounded but try not to call me ill
informed.

PART I
GENERAL PROVISIONS

Article 1

The High Contracting Parties undertake to respect and to ensure respect for
the present Convention in all circumstances.

Article 2

In addition to the provisions which shall be implemented in peace time, the
present Convention shall apply to all cases of declared war or of any other
armed conflict which may arise between two or more of the High Contracting
Parties, even if the state of war is not recognized by one of them.

The Convention shall also apply to all cases of partial or total occupation
of the territory of a High Contracting Party, even if the said occupation
meets with no armed resistance.

Although one of the Powers in conflict may not be a party to the present
Convention, the Powers who are parties thereto shall remain bound by it in
their mutual relations. They shall furthermore be bound by the Convention in
relation to the said Power, if the latter accepts and applies the provisions
thereof.

Article 3

In the case of armed conflict not of an international character occurring in
the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties, each party to the
conflict shall be bound to apply, as a minimum, the following provisions:

1. Persons taking no active part in the hostilities, including members of
armed forces who have laid down their arms and those placed hors de combat
by sickness, wounds, detention, or any other cause, shall in all
circumstances be treated humanely, without any adverse distinction founded
on race, colour, religion or faith, sex, birth or wealth, or any other
similar criteria.

To this end the following acts are and shall remain prohibited at any time
and in any place whatsoever with respect to the above-mentioned persons:

(a) Violence to life and person, in particular murder of all kinds,
mutilation, cruel treatment and torture;

(b) Taking of hostages;

(c) Outrages upon personal dignity, in particular, humiliating and degrading
treatment;

(d) The passing of sentences and the carrying out of executions without
previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court affording all
the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized
peoples.

2. The wounded and sick shall be collected and cared for.

An impartial humanitarian body, such as the International Committee of the
Red Cross, may offer its services to the Parties to the conflict.

The Parties to the conflict should further endeavour to bring into force, by
means of special agreements, all or part of the other provisions of the
present Convention.

The application of the preceding provisions shall not affect the legal
status of the Parties to the conflict.

Article 4

A. Prisoners of war, in the sense of the present Convention, are persons
belonging to one of the following categories, who have fallen into the power
of the enemy:

1. Members of the armed forces of a Party to the conflict as well as members
of militias or volunteer corps forming part of such armed forces.

2. Members of other militias and members of other volunteer corps, including
those of organized resistance movements, belonging to a Party to the
conflict and operating in or outside their own territory, even if this
territory is occupied, provided that such militias or volunteer corps,
including such organized resistance movements, fulfil the following
conditions:

(a) That of being commanded by a person responsible for his subordinates;

(b) That of having a fixed distinctive sign recognizable at a distance;

(c) That of carrying arms openly;

(d) That of conducting their operations in accordance with the laws and
customs of war.

3. Members of regular armed forces who profess allegiance to a government or
an authority not recognized by the Detaining Power.

4. Persons who accompany the armed forces without actually being members
thereof, such as civilian members of military aircraft crews, war
correspondents, supply contractors, members of labour units or of services
responsible for the welfare of the armed forces, provided that they have
received authorization from the armed forces which they accompany, who shall
provide them for that purpose with an identity card similar to the annexed
model.

5. Members of crews, including masters, pilots and apprentices, of the
merchant marine and the crews of civil aircraft of the Parties to the
conflict, who do not benefit by more favourable treatment under any other
provisions of international law.

6. Inhabitants of a non-occupied territory, who on the approach of the enemy
spontaneously take up arms to resist the invading forces, without having had
time to form themselves into regular armed units, provided they carry arms
openly and respect the laws and customs of war.

B. The following shall likewise be treated as prisoners of war under the
present Convention:

1. Persons belonging, or having belonged, to the armed forces of the
occupied country, if the occupying Power considers it necessary by reason of
such allegiance to intern them, even though it has originally liberated them
while hostilities were going on outside the territory it occupies, in
particular where such persons have made an unsuccessful attempt to rejoin
the armed forces to which they belong and which are engaged in combat, or
where they fail to comply with a summons made to them with a view to
internment.

2. The persons belonging to one of the categories enumerated in the present
Article, who have been received by neutral or non-belligerent Powers on
their territory and whom these Powers are required to intern under
international law, without prejudice to any more favourable treatment which
these Powers may choose to give and with the exception of Articles 8, 10,
15, 30, fifth paragraph, 58-67, 92, 126 and, where diplomatic relations
exist between the Parties to the conflict and the neutral or non-belligerent
Power concerned, those Articles concerning the Protecting Power. Where such
diplomatic relations exist, the Parties to a conflict on whom these persons
depend shall be allowed to perform towards them the functions of a
Protecting Power as provided in the present Convention, without prejudice to
the functions which these Parties normally exercise in conformity with
diplomatic and consular usage and treaties.

C. This Article shall in no way affect the status of medical personnel and
chaplains as provided for in Article 33 of the present Convention.

Article 5

The present Convention shall apply to the persons referred to in Article 4
from the time they fall into the power of the enemy and until their final
release and repatriation.

Should any doubt arise as to whether persons, having committed a belligerent
act and having fallen into the hands of the enemy, belong to any of the
categories enumerated in Article 4, such persons shall enjoy the protection
of the present Convention until such time as their status has been
determined by a competent tribunal.

Article 6

In addition to the agreements expressly provided for in Articles 10, 23, 28,
33, 60, 65, 66, 67, 72, 73, 75, 109, 110, 118, 119, 122 and 132, the High
Contracting Parties may conclude other special agreements for all matters
concerning which they may deem it suitable to make separate provision. No
special agreement shall adversely affect the situation of prisoners of war,
as defined by the present Convention, nor restrict the rights which it
confers upon them.

Prisoners of war shall continue to have the benefit of such agreements as
long as the Convention is applicable to them, except where express
provisions to the contrary are contained in the aforesaid or in subsequent
agreements, or where more favourable measures have been taken with regard to
them by one or other of the Parties to the conflict.

Article 7

Prisoners of war may in no circumstances renounce in part or in entirety the
rights secured to them by the present Convention, and by the special
agreements referred to in the foregoing Article, if such there be.

Article 8

The present Convention shall be applied with the cooperation and under the
scrutiny of the Protecting Powers whose duty it is to safeguard the
interests of the Parties to the conflict. For this purpose, the Protecting
Powers may appoint, apart from their diplomatic or consular staff, delegates
from amongst their own nationals or the nationals of other neutral Powers.
The said delegates shall be subject to the approval of the Power with which
they are to carry out their duties.

The Parties to the conflict shall facilitate to the greatest extent possible
the task of the representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers.

The representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall not in any
case exceed their mission under the present Convention. They shall, in
particular, take account of the imperative necessities of security of the
State wherein they carry out their duties.

Article 9

The provisions of the present Convention constitute no obstacle to the
humanitarian activities which the International Committee of the Red Cross
or any other impartial humanitarian organization may, subject to the consent
of the Parties to the conflict concerned, undertake for the protection of
prisoners of war and for their relief.

Article 10

The High Contracting Parties may at any time agree to entrust to an
organization which offers all guarantees of impartiality and efficacy the
duties incumbent on the Protecting Powers by virtue of the present
Convention.

When prisoners of war do not benefit or cease to benefit, no matter for what
reason, by the activities of a Protecting Power or of an organization
provided for in the first paragraph above, the Detaining Power shall request
a neutral State, or such an organization, to undertake the functions
performed under the present Convention by a Protecting Power designated by
the Parties to a conflict.

If protection cannot be arranged accordingly, the Detaining Power shall
request or shall accept, subject to the provisions of this Article, the
offer of the services of a humanitarian organization, such as the
International Committee of the Red Cross, to assume the humanitarian
functions performed by Protecting Powers under the present Convention.

Any neutral Power or any organization invited by the Power concerned or
offering itself for these purposes, shall be required to act with a sense of
responsibility towards the Party to the conflict on which persons protected
by the present Convention depend, and shall be required to furnish
sufficient assurances that it is in a position to undertake the appropriate
functions and to discharge them impartially.

No derogation from the preceding provisions shall be made by special
agreements between Powers one of which is restricted, even temporarily, in
its freedom to negotiate with the other Power or its allies by reason of
military events, more particularly where the whole, or a substantial part,
of the territory of the said Power is occupied.

Whenever in the present Convention mention is made of a Protecting Power,
such mention applies to substitute organizations in the sense of the present
Article.

Article 11

In cases where they deem it advisable in the interest of protected persons,
particularly in cases of disagreement between the Parties to the conflict as
to the application or interpretation of the provisions of the present
Convention, the Protecting Powers shall lend their good offices with a view
to settling the disagreement.

For this purpose, each of the Protecting Powers may, either at the
invitation of one Party or on its own initiative, propose to the Parties to
the conflict a meeting of their representatives, and in particular of the
authorities responsible for prisoners of war, possibly on neutral territory
suitably chosen. The Parties to the conflict shall be bound to give effect
to the proposals made to them for this purpose. The Protecting Powers may,
if necessary, propose for approval by the Parties to the conflict a person
belonging to a neutral Power, or delegated by the International Committee of
the Red Cross, who shall be invited to take part in such a meeting.

PART II

GENERAL PROTECTION OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 12

Prisoners of war are in the hands of the enemy Power, but not of the
individuals or military units who have captured them. Irrespective of the
individual responsibilities that may exist, the Detaining Power is
responsible for the treatment given them.

Prisoners of war may only be transferred by the Detaining Power to a Power
which is a party to the Convention and after the Detaining Power has
satisfied itself of the willingness and ability of such transferee Power to
apply the Convention. When prisoners of war are transferred under such
circumstances, responsibility for the application of the Convention rests on
the Power accepting them while they are in its custody.

Nevertheless if that Power fails to carry out the provisions of the
Convention in any important respect, the Power by whom the prisoners of war
were transferred shall, upon being notified by the Protecting Power, take
effective measures to correct the situation or shall request the return of
the prisoners of war. Such requests must be complied with.

Article 13

Prisoners of war must at all times be humanely treated. Any unlawful act or
omission by the Detaining Power causing death or seriously endangering the
health of a prisoner of war in its custody is prohibited, and will be
regarded as a serious breach of the present Convention. In particular, no
prisoner of war may be subjected to physical mutilation or to medical or
scientific experiments of any kind which are not justified by the medical,
dental or hospital treatment of the prisoner concerned and carried out in
his interest.

Likewise, prisoners of war must at all times be protected, particularly
against acts of violence or intimidation and against insults and public
curiosity.

Measures of reprisal against prisoners of war are prohibited.

Article 14

Prisoners of war are entitled in all circumstances to respect for their
persons and their honour. Women shall be treated with all the regard due to
their sex and shall in all cases benefit by treatment as favourable as that
granted to men. Prisoners of war shall retain the full civil capacity which
they enjoyed at the time of their capture. The Detaining Power may not
restrict the exercise, either within or without its own territory, of the
rights such capacity confers except in so far as the captivity requires.

Article 15

The Power detaining prisoners of war shall be bound to provide free of
charge for their maintenance and for the medical attention required by their
state of health.

Article 16

Taking into consideration the provisions of the present Convention relating
to rank and sex, and subject to any privileged treatment which may be
accorded to them by reason of their state of health, age or professional
qualifications, all prisoners of war shall be treated alike by the Detaining
Power, without any adverse distinction based on race, nationality, religious
belief or political opinions, or any other distinction founded on similar
criteria.

PART III

CAPTIVITY

SECTION I

BEGINNING OF CAPTIVITY

Article 17

Every prisoner of war, when questioned on the subject, is bound to give only
his surname, first names and rank, date of birth, and army, regimental,
personal or serial number, or failing this, equivalent information. If he
wilfully infringes this rule, he may render himself liable to a restriction
of the privileges accorded to his rank or status.

Each Party to a conflict is required to furnish the persons under its
jurisdiction who are liable to become prisoners of war, with an identity
card showing the owner's surname, first names, rank, army, regimental,
personal or serial number or equivalent information, and date of birth. The
identity card may, furthermore, bear the signature or the fingerprints, or
both, of the owner, and may bear, as well, any other information the Party
to the conflict may wish to add concerning persons belonging to its armed
forces. As far as possible the card shall measure 6.5 x 10 cm. and shall be
issued in duplicate. The identity card shall be shown by the prisoner of war
upon demand, but may in no case be taken away from him.

No physical or mental torture, nor any other form of coercion, may be
inflicted on prisoners of war to secure from them information of any kind
whatever. Prisoners of war who refuse to answer may not be threatened,
insulted, or exposed to any unpleasant or disadvantageous treatment of any
kind.

Prisoners of war who, owing to their physical or mental condition, are
unable to state their identity, shall be handed over to the medical service.
The identity of such prisoners shall be established by all possible means,
subject to the provisions of the preceding paragraph.

The questioning of prisoners of war shall be carried out in a language which
they understand.

Article 18

All effects and articles of personal use, except arms, horses, military
equipment and military documents shall remain in the possession of prisoners
of war, likewise their metal helmets and gas masks and like articles issued
for personal protection. Effects and articles used for their clothing or
feeding shall likewise remain in their possession, even if such effects and
articles belong to their regulation military equipment.

At no time should prisoners of war be without identity documents. The
Detaining Power shall supply such documents to prisoners of war who possess
none.

Badges of rank and nationality, decorations and articles having above all a
personal or sentimental value may not be taken from prisoners of war.

Sums of money carried by prisoners of war may not be taken away from them
except by order of an officer, and after the amount and particulars of the
owner have been recorded in a special register and an itemized receipt has
been given, legibly inscribed with the name, rank and unit of the person
issuing the said receipt. Sums in the currency of the Detaining Power, or
which are changed into such currency at the prisoner's request, shall be
placed to the credit of the prisoner's account as provided in Article 64.

The Detaining Power may withdraw articles of value from prisoners of war
only for reasons of security; when such articles are withdrawn, the
procedure laid down for sums of money impounded shall apply.

Such objects, likewise the sums taken away in any currency other than that
of the Detaining Power and the conversion of which has not been asked for by
the owners, shall be kept in the custody of the Detaining Power and shall be
returned in their initial shape to prisoners of war at the end of their
captivity.

Article 19

Prisoners of war shall be evacuated, as soon as possible after their
capture, to camps situated in an area far enough from the combat zone for
them to be out of danger.

Only those prisoners of war who, owing to wounds or sickness, would run
greater risks by being evacuated than by remaining where they are, may be
temporarily kept back in a danger zone.

Prisoners of war shall not be unnecessarily exposed to danger while awaiting
evacuation from a fighting zone.

Article 20

The evacuation of prisoners of war shall always be effected humanely and in
conditions similar to those for the forces of the Detaining Power in their
changes of station.

The Detaining Power shall supply prisoners of war who are being evacuated
with sufficient food and potable water, and with the necessary clothing and
medical attention. The Detaining Power shall take all suitable precautions
to ensure their safety during evacuation, and shall establish as soon as
possible a list of the prisoners of war who are evacuated.

If prisoners of war must, during evacuation, pass through transit camps,
their stay in such camps shall be as brief as possible.

SECTION II

INTERNMENT OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Chapter I

GENERAL OBSERVATIONS

Article 21

The Detaining Power may subject prisoners of war to internment. It may
impose on them the obligation of not leaving, beyond certain limits, the
camp where they are interned, or if the said camp is fenced in, of not going
outside its perimeter. Subject to the provisions of the present Convention
relative to penal and disciplinary sanctions, prisoners of war may not be
held in close confinement except where necessary to safeguard their health
and then only during the continuation of the circumstances which make such
confinement necessary.

Prisoners of war may be partially or wholly released on parole or promise,
in so far as is allowed by the laws of the Power on which they depend. Such
measures shall be taken particularly in cases where this may contribute to
the improvement of their state of health. No prisoner of war shall be
compelled to accept liberty on parole or promise.

Upon the outbreak of hostilities, each Party to the conflict shall notify
the adverse Party of the laws and regulations allowing or forbidding its own
nationals to accept liberty on parole or promise. Prisoners of war who are
paroled or who have given their promise in conformity with the laws and
regulations so notified, are bound on their personal honour scrupulously to
fulfil, both towards the Power on which they depend and towards the Power
which has captured them, the engagements of their paroles or promises. In
such cases, the Power on which they depend is bound neither to require nor
to accept from them any service incompatible with the parole or promise
given.

Article 22

Prisoners of war may be interned only in premises located on land and
affording every guarantee of hygiene and healthfulness. Except in particular
cases which are justified by the interest of the prisoners themselves, they
shall not be interned in penitentiaries.

Prisoners of war interned in unhealthy areas, or where the climate is
injurious for them, shall be removed as soon as possible to a more
favourable climate.

The Detaining Power shall assemble prisoners of war in camps or camp
compounds according to their nationality, language and customs, provided
that such prisoners shall not be separated from prisoners of war belonging
to the armed forces with which they were serving at the time of their
capture, except with their consent.

Article 23

No prisoner of war may at any time be sent to or detained in areas where he
may be exposed to the fire of the combat zone, nor may his presence be used
to render certain points or areas immune from military operations.

Prisoners of war shall have shelters against air bombardment and other
hazards of war, to the same extent as the local civilian population. With
the exception of those engaged in the protection of their quarters against
the aforesaid hazards, they may enter such shelters as soon as possible
after the giving of the alarm. Any other protective measure taken in favour
of the population shall also apply to them.

Detaining Powers shall give the Powers concerned, through the intermediary
of the Protecting Powers, all useful information regarding the geographical
location of prisoner of war camps.

Whenever military considerations permit, prisoner of war camps shall be
indicated in the day-time by the letters PW or PG, placed so as to be
clearly visible from the air. The Powers concerned may, however, agree upon
any other system of marking. Only prisoner of war camps shall be marked as
such.

Article 24

Transit or screening camps of a permanent kind shall be fitted out under
conditions similar to those described in the present Section, and the
prisoners therein shall have the same treatment as in other camps.

Chapter II

QUARTERS, FOOD AND CLOTHING OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 25

Prisoners of war shall be quartered under conditions as favourable as those
for the forces of the Detaining Power who are billeted in the same area. The
said conditions shall make allowance for the habits and customs of the
prisoners and shall in no case be prejudicial to their health.

The foregoing provisions shall apply in particular to the dormitories of
prisoners of war as regards both total surface and minimum cubic space, and
the general installations, bedding and blankets.

The premises provided for the use of prisoners of war individually or
collectively, shall be entirely protected from dampness and adequately
heated and lighted, in particular between dusk and lights out. All
precautions must be taken against the danger of fire.

In any camps in which women prisoners of war, as well as men, are
accommodated, separate dormitories shall be provided for them.

Article 26

The basic daily food rations shall be sufficient in quantity, quality and
variety to keep prisoners of war in good health and to prevent loss of
weight or the development of nutritional deficiencies. Account shall also be
taken of the habitual diet of the prisoners.

The Detaining Power shall supply prisoners of war who work with such
additional rations as are necessary for the labour on which they are
employed.

Sufficient drinking water shall be supplied to prisoners of war. The use of
tobacco shall be permitted.

Prisoners of war shall, as far as possible, be associated with the
preparation of their meals; they may be employed for that purpose in the
kitchens. Furthermore, they shall be given the means of preparing,
themselves, the additional food in their possession.

Adequate premises shall be provided for messing.

Collective disciplinary measures affecting food are prohibited.

Article 27

Clothing, underwear and footwear shall be supplied to prisoners of war in
sufficient quantities by the Detaining Power, which shall make allowance for
the climate of the region where the prisoners are detained. Uniforms of
enemy armed forces captured by the Detaining Power should, if suitable for
the climate, be made available to clothe prisoners of war.

The regular replacement and repair of the above articles shall be assured by
the Detaining Power. In addition, prisoners of war who work shall receive
appropriate clothing, wherever the nature of the work demands.

Article 28

Canteens shall be installed in all camps, where prisoners of war may procure
foodstuffs, soap and tobacco and ordinary articles in daily use. The tariff
shall never be in excess of local market prices. The profits made by camp
canteens shall be used for the benefit of the prisoners; a special fund
shall be created for this purpose. The prisoners' representative shall have
the right to collaborate in the management of the canteen and of this fund.

When a camp is closed down, the credit balance of the special fund shall be
handed to an international welfare organization, to be employed for the
benefit of prisoners of war of the same nationality as those who have
contributed to the fund. In case of a general repatriation, such profits
shall be kept by the Detaining Power, subject to any agreement to the
contrary between the Powers concerned.

Chapter III

HYGIENE AND MEDICAL ATTENTION

Article 29

The Detaining Power shall be bound to take all sanitary measures necessary
to ensure the cleanliness and healthfulness of camps and to prevent
epidemics.

Prisoners of war shall have for their use, day and night, conveniences which
conform to the rules of hygiene and are maintained in a constant state of
cleanliness. In any camps in which women prisoners of war are accommodated,
separate conveniences shall be provided for them.

Also, apart from the baths and showers with which the camps shall be
furnished, prisoners of war shall be provided with sufficient water and soap
for their personal toilet and for washing their personal laundry; the
necessary installations, facilities and time shall be granted them for that
purpose.

Article 30

Every camp shall have an adequate infirmary where prisoners of war may have
the attention they require, as well as appropriate diet. Isolation wards
shall, if necessary, be set aside for cases of contagious or mental disease.

Prisoners of war suffering from serious disease, or whose condition
necessitates special treatment, a surgical operation or hospital care, must
be admitted to any military or civilian medical unit where such treatment
can be given, even if their repatriation is contemplated in the near future.
Special facilities shall be afforded for the care to be given to the
disabled, in particular to the blind, and for their rehabilitation, pending
repatriation.

Prisoners of war shall have the attention, preferably, of medical personnel
of the Power on which they depend and, if possible, of their nationality.

Prisoners of war may not be prevented from presenting themselves to the
medical authorities for examination. The detaining authorities shall, upon
request, issue to every prisoner who has undergone treatment, an official
certificate indicating the nature of his illness or injury, and the duration
and kind of treatment received. A duplicate of this certificate shall be
forwarded to the Central Prisoners of War Agency.

The costs of treatment, including those of any apparatus necessary for the
maintenance of prisoners of war in good health, particularly dentures and
other artificial appliances, and spectacles, shall be borne by the Detaining
Power.

Article 31

Medical inspections of prisoners of war shall be held at least once a month.
They shall include the checking and the recording of the weight of each
prisoner of war. Their purpose shall be, in particular, to supervise the
general state of health, nutrition and cleanliness of prisoners and to
detect contagious diseases, especially tuberculosis, malaria and venereal
disease. For this purpose the most efficient methods available shall be
employed, e.g. periodic mass miniature radiography for the early detection
of tuberculosis.

Article 32

Prisoners of war who, though not attached to the medical service of their
armed forces, are physicians, surgeons, dentists, nurses or medical
orderlies, may be required by the Detaining Power to exercise their medical
functions in the interests of prisoners of war dependent on the same Power.
In that case they shall continue to be prisoners of war, but shall receive
the same treatment as corresponding medical personnel retained by the
Detaining Power. They shall be exempted from any other work under Article
49.

Chapter IV

MEDICAL PERSONNEL AND CHAPLAINS RETAINED TO ASSIST PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 33

Members of the medical personnel and chaplains while retained by the
Detaining Power with a view to assisting prisoners of war, shall not be
considered as prisoners of war. They shall, however, receive as a minimum
the benefits and protection of the present Convention, and shall also be
granted all facilities necessary to provide for the medical care of, and
religious inistration to, prisoners of war.

They shall continue to exercise their medical and spiritual functions for
the benefit of prisoners of war, preferably those belonging to the armed
forces upon which they depend, within the scope of the military laws and
regulations of the Detaining Power and under the control of its competent
services, in accordance with their professional etiquette. They shall also
benefit by the following facilities in the exercise of their medical or
spiritual functions:

(a) They shall be authorized to visit periodically prisoners of war situated
in working detachments or in hospitals outside the camp. For this purpose,
the Detaining Power shall place at their disposal the necessary means of
transport.

(b) The senior medical officer in each camp shall be responsible to the camp
military authorities for everything connected with the activities of
retained medical personnel. For this purpose, Parties to the conflict shall
agree at the outbreak of hostilities on the subject of the corresponding
ranks of the medical personnel, including that of societies mentioned in
Article 26 of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of
the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of August 12, 1949. This
senior medical officer, as well as chaplains, shall have the right to deal
with the competent authorities of the camp on all questions relating to
their duties. Such authorities shall afford them all necessary facilities
for correspondence relating to these questions.

(c) Although they shall be subject to the internal discipline of the camp in
which they are retained, such personnel may not be compelled to carry out
any work other than that concerned with their medical or religious duties.

During hostilities, the Parties to the conflict shall agree concerning the
possible relief of retained personnel and shall settle the procedure to be
followed.

None of the preceding provisions shall relieve the Detaining Power of its
obligations with regard to prisoners of war from the medical or spiritual
point of view.

Chapter V

RELIGIOUS, INTELLECTUAL AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES

Article 34

Prisoners of war shall enjoy complete latitude in the exercise of their
religious duties, including attendance at the service of their faith, on
condition that they comply with the disciplinary routine prescribed by the
military authorities.

Adequate premises shall be provided where religious services may be held.

Article 35

Chaplains who fall into the hands of the enemy Power and who remain or are
retained with a view to assisting prisoners of war, shall be allowed to
minister to them and to exercise freely their ministry amongst prisoners of
war of the same religion, in accordance with their religious conscience.
They shall be allocated among the various camps and labour detachments
containing prisoners of war belonging to the same forces, speaking the same
language or practising the same religion. They shall enjoy the necessary
facilities, including the means of transport provided for in Article 33, for
visiting the prisoners of war outside their camp. They shall be free to
correspond, subject to censorship, on matters concerning their religious
duties with the ecclesiastical authorities in the country of detention and
with international religious organizations. Letters and cards which they may
send for this purpose shall be in addition to the quota provided for in
Article 71.

Article 36

Prisoners of war who are ministers of religion, without having officiated as
chaplains to their own forces, shall be at liberty, whatever their
denomination, to minister freely to the members of their community. For this
purpose, they shall receive the same treatment as the chaplains retained by
the Detaining Power. They shall not be obliged to do any other work.

Article 37

When prisoners of war have not the assistance of a retained chaplain or of a
prisoner of war minister of their faith, a minister belonging to the
prisoners' or a similar denomination, or in his absence a qualified layman,
if such a course is feasible from a confessional point of view, shall be
appointed, at the request of the prisoners concerned, to fill this office.
This appointment, subject to the approval of the Detaining Power, shall take
place with the agreement of the community of prisoners concerned and,
wherever necessary, with the approval of the local religious authorities of
the same faith. The person thus appointed shall comply with all regulations
established by the Detaining Power in the interests of discipline and
military security.

Article 38

While respecting the individual preferences of every prisoner, the Detaining
Power shall encourage the practice of intellectual, educational, and
recreational pursuits, sports and games amongst prisoners, and shall take
the measures necessary to ensure the exercise thereof by providing them with
adequate premises and necessary equipment.

Prisoners shall have opportunities for taking physical exercise, including
sports and games, and for being out of doors. Sufficient open spaces shall
be provided for this purpose in all camps.

Chapter VI

DISCIPLINE

Article 39

Every prisoner of war camp shall be put under the immediate authority of a
responsible commissioned officer belonging to the regular armed forces of
the Detaining Power. Such officer shall have in his possession a copy of the
present Convention; he shall ensure that its provisions are known to the
camp staff and the guard and shall be responsible, under the direction of
his government, for its application.

Prisoners of war, with the exception of officers, must salute and show to
all officers of the Detaining Power the external marks of respect provided
for by the regulations applying in their own forces.

Officer prisoners of war are bound to salute only officers of a higher rank
of the Detaining Power; they must, however, salute the camp commander
regardless of his rank.

Article 40

The wearing of badges of rank and nationality, as well as of decorations,
shall be permitted.

Article 41

In every camp the text of the present Convention and its Annexes and the
contents of any special agreement provided for in Article 6, shall be
posted, in the prisoners' own language, at places where all may read them.
Copies shall be supplied, on request, to the prisoners who cannot have
access to the copy which has been posted.

Regulations, orders, notices and publications of every kind relating to the
conduct of prisoners of war shall be issued to them in a language which they
understand. Such regulations, orders and publications shall be posted in the
manner described above and copies shall be handed to the prisoners'
representative. Every order and command addressed to prisoners of war
individually must likewise be given in a language which they understand.

Article 42

The use of weapons against prisoners of war, especially against those who
are escaping or attempting to escape, shall constitute an extreme measure,
which shall always be preceded by warnings appropriate to the circumstances.

Chapter VII

RANK OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 43

Upon the outbreak of hostilities, the Parties to the conflict shall
communicate to one another the titles and ranks of all the persons mentioned
in Article 4 of the present Convention, in order to ensure equality of
treatment between prisoners of equivalent rank. Titles and ranks which are
subsequently created shall form the subject of similar communications.

The Detaining Power shall recognize promotions in rank which have been
accorded to prisoners of war and which have been duly notified by the Power
on which these prisoners depend.

Article 44

Officers and prisoners of equivalent status shall be treated with the regard
due to their rank and age.

In order to ensure service in officers' camps, other ranks of the same armed
forces who, as far as possible, speak the same language, shall be assigned
in sufficient numbers, account being taken of the rank of officers and
prisoners of equivalent status. Such orderlies shall not be required to
perform any other work.

Supervision of the mess by the officers themselves shall be facilitated in
every way.

Article 45

Prisoners of war other than officers and prisoners of equivalent status
shall be treated with the regard due to their rank and age.

Supervision of the mess by the prisoners themselves shall be facilitated in
every way.

Chapter VIII

TRANSFER OF PRISONERS OF WAR AFTER THEIR ARRIVAL IN CAMP

Article 46

The Detaining Power, when deciding upon the transfer of prisoners of war,
shall take into account the interests of the prisoners themselves, more
especially so as not to increase the difficulty of their repatriation.

The transfer of prisoners of war shall always be effected humanely and in
conditions not less favourable than those under which the forces of the
Detaining Power are transferred. Account shall always be taken of the
climatic conditions to which the prisoners of war are accustomed and the
conditions of transfer shall in no case be prejudicial to their health.

The Detaining Power shall supply prisoners of war during transfer with
sufficient food and drinking water to keep them in good health, likewise
with the necessary clothing, shelter and medical attention. The Detaining
Power shall take adequate precautions especially in case of transport by sea
or by air, to ensure their safety during transfer, and shall draw up a
complete list of all transferred prisoners before their departure.

Article 47

Sick or wounded prisoners of war shall not be transferred as long as their
recovery may be endangered by the journey, unless their safety imperatively
demands it.

If the combat zone draws closer to a camp, the prisoners of war in the said
camp shall not be transferred unless their transfer can be carried out in
adequate conditions of safety, or if they are exposed to greater risks by
remaining on the spot than by being transferred.

Article 48

In the event of transfer, prisoners of war shall be officially advised of
their departure and of their new postal address. Such notifications shall be
given in time for them to pack their luggage and inform their next of kin.

They shall be allowed to take with them their personal effects, and the
correspondence and parcels which have arrived for them. The weight of such
baggage may be limited, if the conditions of transfer so require, to what
each prisoner can reasonably carry, which shall in no case be more than
twenty-five kilograms per head.

Mail and parcels addressed to their former camp shall be forwarded to them
without delay. The camp commander shall take, in agreement with the
prisoners' representative, any measures needed to ensure the transport of
the prisoners' community property and of the luggage they are unable to take
with them in consequence of restrictions imposed by virtue of the second
paragraph of this Article.

The costs of transfers shall be borne by the Detaining Power.

SECTION III

LABOUR OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 49

The Detaining Power may utilize the labour of prisoners of war who are
physically fit, taking into account their age, sex, rank and physical
aptitude, and with a view particularly to maintaining them in a good state
of physical and mental health.

Non-commissioned officers who are prisoners of war shall only be required to
do supervisory work. Those not so required may ask for other suitable work
which shall, so far as possible, be found for them.

If officers or persons of equivalent status ask for suitable work, it shall
be found for them, so far as possible, but they may in no circumstances be
compelled to work.

Article 50

Besides work connected with camp administration, installation or
maintenance, prisoners of war may be compelled to do only such work as is
included in the following classes:

(a) Agriculture;

(b) Industries connected with the production or the extraction of raw
materials, and manufacturing industries, with the exception of
metallurgical, machinery and chemical industries; public works and building
operations which have no military character or purpose;

(c) Transport and handling of stores which are not military in character or
purpose;

(d) Commercial business, and arts and crafts;

(e) Domestic service;

(f) Public utility services having no military character or purpose.

Should the above provisions be infringed, prisoners of war shall be allowed
to exercise their right of complaint, in conformity with Article 78.

Article 51

Prisoners of war must be granted suitable working conditions, especially as
regards accommodation, food, clothing and equipment; such conditions shall
not be inferior to those enjoyed by nationals of the Detaining Power
employed in similar work; account shall also be taken of climatic
conditions.

The Detaining Power, in utilizing the labour of prisoners of war, shall
ensure that in areas in which prisoners are employed, the national
legislation concerning the protection of labour, and, more particularly, the
regulations for the safety of workers, are duly applied.

Prisoners of war shall receive training and be provided with the means of
protection suitable to the work they will have to do and similar to those
accorded to the nationals of the Detaining Power. Subject to the provisions
of Article 52, prisoners may be submitted to the normal risks run by these
civilian workers.

Conditions of labour shall in no case be rendered more arduous by
disciplinary measures.

Article 52

Unless he be a volunteer, no prisoner of war may be employed on labour which
is of an unhealthy or dangerous nature.

No prisoner of war shall be assigned to labour which would be looked upon as
humiliating for a member of the Detaining Power's own forces.

The removal of mines or similar devices shall be considered as dangerous
labour.

Article 53

The duration of the daily labour of prisoners of war, including the time of
the journey to and fro, shall not be excessive, and must in no case exceed
that permitted for civilian workers in the district, who are nationals of
the Detaining Power and employed on the same work.

Prisoners of war must be allowed, in the middle of the day's work, a rest of
not less than one hour. This rest will be the same as that to which workers
of the Detaining Power are entitled, if the latter is of longer duration.
They shall be allowed in addition a rest of twenty-four consecutive hours
every week, preferably on Sunday or the day of rest in their country of
origin. Furthermore, every prisoner who has worked for one year shall be
granted a rest of eight consecutive days, during which his working pay shall
be paid him.

If methods of labour such as piece-work are employed, the length of the
working period shall not be rendered excessive thereby.

Article 54

The working pay due to prisoners of war shall be fixed in accordance with
the provisions of Article 62 of the present Convention.

Prisoners of war who sustain accidents in connection with work, or who
contract a disease in the course, or in consequence of their work, shall
receive all the care their condition may require. The Detaining Power shall
furthermore deliver to such prisoners of war a medical certificate enabling
them to submit their claims to the Power on which they depend, and shall
send a duplicate to the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided for in
Article 123.

Article 55

The fitness of prisoners of war for work shall be periodically verified by
medical examinations at least once a month. The examinations shall have
particular regard to the nature of the work which prisoners of war are
required to do.

If any prisoner of war considers himself incapable of working, he shall be
permitted to appear before the medical authorities of his camp. Physicians
or surgeons may recommend that the prisoners who are, in their opinion,
unfit for work, be exempted therefrom.
Article 56





The organization and administration of labour detachments shall be similar
to those of prisoner of war camps.

Every labour detachment shall remain under the control of and
administratively part of a prisoner of war camp. The military authorities
and the commander of the said camp shall be responsible, under the direction
of their government, for the observance of the provisions of the present
Convention in labour detachments.

The camp commander shall keep an up-to-date record of the labour detachments
dependent on his camp, and shall communicate it to the delegates of the
Protecting Power, of the International Committee of the Red Cross, or of
other agencies giving relief to prisoners of war, who may visit the camp.

Article 57

The treatment of prisoners of war who work for private persons, even if the
latter are responsible for guarding and protecting them, shall not be
inferior to that which is provided for by the present Convention. The
Detaining Power, the military authorities and the commander of the camp to
which such prisoners belong shall be entirely responsible for the
maintenance, care, treatment, and payment of the working pay of such
prisoners of war.

Such prisoners of war shall have the right to remain in communication with
the prisoners' representatives in the camps on which they depend.

SECTION IV

FINANCIAL RESOURCES OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 58

Upon the outbreak of hostilities, and pending an arrangement on this matter
with the Protecting Power, the Detaining Power may determine the maximum
amount of money in cash or in any similar form, that prisoners may have in
their possession. Any amount in excess, which was properly in their
possession and which has been taken or withheld from them, shall be placed
to their account, together with any monies deposited by them, and shall not
be converted into any other currency without their consent.

If prisoners of war are permitted to purchase services or commodities
outside the camp against payment in cash, such payments shall be made by the
prisoner himself or by the camp administration who will charge them to the
accounts of the prisoners concerned. The Detaining Power will establish the
necessary rules in this respect.

Article 59

Cash which was taken from prisoners of war, in accordance with Article 18,
at the time of their capture, and which is in the currency of the Detaining
Power, shall be placed to their separate accounts, in accordance with the
provisions of Article 64 of the present Section.

The amounts, in the currency of the Detaining Power, due to the conversion
of sums in other currencies that are taken from the prisoners of war at the
same time, shall also be credited to their separate accounts.

Article 60

The Detaining Power shall grant all prisoners of war a monthly advance of
pay, the amount of which shall be fixed by conversion, into the currency of
the said Power, of the following amounts:

Category I: Prisoners ranking below sergeant: eight Swiss francs.

Category II: Sergeants and other non-commissioned officers, or prisoners of
equivalent rank: twelve Swiss francs.

Category III: Warrant officers and commissioned officers below the rank of
major or prisoners of equivalent rank: fifty Swiss francs.

Category IV: Majors, lieutenant-colonels, colonels or prisoners of
equivalent rank: sixty Swiss francs.

Category V: General officers or prisoners of equivalent rank: seventy-five
Swiss francs.

However, the Parties to the conflict concerned may by special agreement
modify the amount of advances of pay due to prisoners of the preceding
categories.

Furthermore, if the amounts indicated in the first paragraph above would be
unduly high compared with the pay of the Detaining Power's armed forces or
would, for any reason, seriously embarrass the Detaining Power, then,
pending the conclusion of a special agreement with the Power on which the
prisoners depend to vary the amounts indicated above, the Detaining Power:

(a) Shall continue to credit the accounts of the prisoners with the amounts
indicated in the first paragraph above;

(b) May temporarily limit the amount made available from these advances of
pay to prisoners of war for their own use, to sums which are reasonable, but
which, for Category I, shall never be inferior to the amount that the
Detaining Power gives to the members of its own armed forces.

The reasons for any limitations will be given without delay to the
Protecting Power.

Article 61

The Detaining Power shall accept for distribution as supplementary pay to
prisoners of war sums which the Power on which the prisoners depend may
forward to them, on condition that the sums to be paid shall be the same for
each prisoner of the same category, shall be payable to all prisoners of
that category depending on that Power, and shall be placed in their separate
accounts, at the earliest opportunity, in accordance with the provisions of
Article 64. Such supplementary pay shall not relieve the Detaining Power of
any obligation under this Convention.

Article 62

Prisoners of war shall be paid a fair working rate of pay by the detaining
authorities direct. The rate shall be fixed by the said authorities, but
shall at no time be less than one-fourth of one Swiss franc for a full
working day. The Detaining Power shall inform prisoners of war, as well as
the Power on which they depend, through the intermediary of the Protecting
Power, of the rate of daily working pay that it has fixed.

Working pay shall likewise be paid by the detaining authorities to prisoners
of war permanently detailed to duties or to a skilled or semi-skilled
occupation in connection with the administration, installation or
maintenance of camps, and to the prisoners who are required to carry out
spiritual or medical duties on behalf of their comrades.

The working pay of the prisoners' representative, of his advisers, if any,
and of his assistants, shall be paid out of the fund maintained by canteen
profits. The scale of this working pay shall be fixed by the prisoners'
representative and approved by the camp commander. If there is no such fund,
the detaining authorities shall pay these prisoners a fair working rate of
pay.

Article 63

Prisoners of war shall be permitted to receive remittances of money
addressed to them individually or collectively.

Every prisoner of war shall have at his disposal the credit balance of his
account as provided for in the following Article, within the limits fixed by
the Detaining Power, which shall make such payments as are requested.
Subject to financial or monetary restrictions which the Detaining Power
regards as essential, prisoners of war may also have payments made abroad.
In this case payments addressed by prisoners of war to dependants shall be
given priority.

In any event, and subject to the consent of the Power on which they depend,
prisoners may have payments made in their own country, as follows: the
Detaining Power shall send to the aforesaid Power through the Protecting
Power a notification giving all the necessary particulars concerning the
prisoners of war, the beneficiaries of the payments, and the amount of the
sums to be paid, expressed in the Detaining Power's currency. The said
notification shall be signed by the prisoners and countersigned by the camp
commander. The Detaining Power shall debit the prisoners' account by a
corresponding amount; the sums thus debited shall be placed by it to the
credit of the Power on which the prisoners depend.

To apply the foregoing provisions, the Detaining Power may usefully consult
the Model Regulations in Annex V of the present Convention.

Article 64

The Detaining Power shall hold an account for each prisoner of war, showing
at least the following:

1. The amounts due to the prisoner or received by him as advances of pay, as
working pay or derived from any other source; the sums in the currency of
the Detaining Power which were taken from him; the sums taken from him and
converted at his request into the currency of the said Power.

2. The payments made to the prisoner in cash, or in any other similar form;
the payments made on his behalf and at his request; the sums transferred
under Article 63, third paragraph.

Article 65

Every item entered in the account of a prisoner of war shall be
countersigned or initialled by him, or by the prisoners' representative
acting on his behalf.

Prisoners of war shall at all times be afforded reasonable facilities for
consulting and obtaining copies of their accounts, which may likewise be
inspected by the representatives of the Protecting Powers at the time of
visits to the camp.

When prisoners of war are transferred from one camp to another, their
personal accounts will follow them. In case of transfer from one Detaining
Power to another, the monies which are their property and are not in the
currency of the Detaining Power will follow them. They shall be given
certificates for any other monies standing to the credit of their accounts.

The Parties to the conflict concerned may agree to notify to each other at
specific intervals through the Protecting Power, the amount of the accounts
of the prisoners of war.

Article 66

On the termination of captivity, through the release of a prisoner of war or
his repatriation, the Detaining Power shall give him a statement, signed by
an authorized officer of that Power, showing the credit balance then due to
him. The Detaining Power shall also send through the Protecting Power to the
government upon which the prisoner of war depends, lists giving all
appropriate particulars of all prisoners of war whose captivity has been
terminated by repatriation, release, escape, death or any other means, and
showing the amount of their credit balances. Such lists shall be certified
on each sheet by an authorized representative of the Detaining Power.

Any of the above provisions of this Article may be varied by mutual
agreement between any two Parties to the conflict.

The Power on which the prisoner of war depends shall be responsible for
settling with him any credit balance due to him from the Detaining Power on
the termination of his captivity.

Article 67

Advances of pay, issued to prisoners of war in conformity with Article 60,
shall be considered as made on behalf of the Power on which they depend.
Such advances of pay, as well as all payments made by the said Power under
Article 63, third paragraph, and Article 68, shall form the subject of
arrangements between the Powers concerned, at the close of hostilities.

Article 68

Any claim by a prisoner of war for compensation in respect of any injury or
other disability arising out of work shall be referred to the Power on which
he depends, through the Protecting Power. In accordance with Article 54, the
Detaining Power will, in all cases, provide the prisoner of war concerned
with a statement showing the nature of the injury or disability, the
circumstances in which it arose and particulars of medical or hospital
treatment given for it. This statement will be signed by a responsible
officer of the Detaining Power and the medical particulars certified by a
medical officer.

Any claim by a prisoner of war for compensation in respect of personal
effects, monies or valuables impounded by the Detaining Power under Article
18 and not forthcoming on his repatriation, or in respect of loss alleged to
be due to the fault of the Detaining Power or any of its servants, shall
likewise be referred to the Power on which he depends. Nevertheless, any
such personal effects required for use by the prisoners of war whilst in
captivity shall be replaced at the expense of the Detaining Power. The
Detaining Power will, in all cases, provide the prisoner of war with a
statement, signed by a responsible officer, showing all available
information regarding the reasons why such effects, monies or valuables have
not been restored to him. A copy of this statement will be forwarded to the
Power on which he depends through the Central Prisoners of War Agency
provided for in Article 123.

SECTION V

RELATIONS OF PRISONERS OF WAR WITH THE EXTERIOR

Article 69

Immediately upon prisoners of war falling into its power, the Detaining
Power shall inform them and the Powers on which they depend, through the
Protecting Power, of the measures taken to carry out the provisions of the
present Section. They shall likewise inform the parties concerned of any
subsequent modifications of such measures.

Article 70

Immediately upon capture, or not more than one week after arrival at a camp,
even if it is a transit camp, likewise in case of sickness or transfer to
hospital or another camp, every prisoner of war shall be enabled to write
direct to his family, on the one hand, and to the Central Prisoners of War
Agency provided for in Article 123, on the other hand, a card similar, if
possible, to the model annexed to the present Convention, informing his
relatives of his capture, address and state of health. The said cards shall
be forwarded as rapidly as possible and may not be delayed in any manner.

Article 71

Prisoners of war shall be allowed to send and receive letters and cards. If
the Detaining Power deems it necessary to limit the number of letters and
cards sent by each prisoner of war, the said number shall not be less than
two letters and four cards monthly, exclusive of the capture cards provided
for in Article 70, and conforming as closely as possible to the models
annexed to the present Convention. Further limitations may be imposed only
if the Protecting Power is satisfied that it would be in the interests of
the prisoners of war concerned to do so owing to difficulties of translation
caused by the Detaining Power's inability to find sufficient qualified
linguists to carry out the necessary censorship. If limitations must be
placed on the correspondence addressed to prisoners of war, they may be
ordered only by the Power on which the prisoners depend, possibly at the
request of the Detaining Power. Such letters and cards must be conveyed by
the most rapid method at the disposal of the Detaining Power; they may not
be delayed or retained for disciplinary reasons.

Prisoners of war who have been without news for a long period, or who are
unable to receive news from their next of kin or to give them news by the
ordinary postal route, as well as those who are at a great distance from
their homes, shall be permitted to send telegrams, the fees being charged
against the prisoners of war's accounts with the Detaining Power or paid in
the currency at their disposal. They shall likewise benefit by this measure
in cases of urgency.

As a general rule, the correspondence of prisoners of war shall be written
in their native language. The Parties to the conflict may allow
correspondence in other languages.

Sacks containing prisoner of war mail must be securely sealed and labelled
so as clearly to indicate their contents, and must be addressed to offices
of destination.

Article 72

Prisoners of war shall be allowed to receive by post or by any other means
individual parcels or collective shipments containing, in particular,
foodstuffs, clothing, medical supplies and articles of a religious,
educational or recreational character which may meet their needs, including
books, devotional articles, scientific equipment, examination papers,
musical instruments, sports outfits and materials allowing prisoners of war
to pursue their studies or their cultural activities.

Such shipments shall in no way free the Detaining Power from the obligations
imposed upon it by virtue of the present Convention.

The only limits which may be placed on these shipments shall be those
proposed by the Protecting Power in the interest of the prisoners
themselves, or by the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other
organization giving assistance to the prisoners, in respect of their own
shipments only, on account of exceptional strain on transport or
communications.

The conditions for the sending of individual parcels and collective relief
shall, if necessary, be the subject of special agreements between the Powers
concerned, which may in no case delay the receipt by the prisoners of relief
supplies. Books may not be included in parcels of clothing and foodstuffs.
Medical supplies shall, as a rule, be sent in collective parcels.

Article 73

In the absence of special agreements between the Powers concerned on the
conditions for the receipt and distribution of collective relief shipments,
the rules and regulations concerning collective shipments, which are annexed
to the present Convention, shall be applied.

The special agreements referred to above shall in no case restrict the right
of prisoners' representatives to take possession of collective relief
shipments intended for prisoners of war, to proceed to their distribution or
to dispose of them in the interest of the prisoners.

Nor shall such agreements restrict the right of representatives of the
Protecting Power, the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other
organization giving assistance to prisoners of war and responsible for the
forwarding of collective shipments, to supervise their distribution to the
recipients.

Article 74

All relief shipments for prisoners of war shall be exempt from import,
customs and other dues.

Correspondence, relief shipments and authorized remittances of money
addressed to prisoners of war or despatched by them through the post office,
either direct or through the Information Bureaux provided for in Article 122
and the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided for in Article 123, shall
be exempt from any postal dues, both in the countries of origin and
destination, and in intermediate countries.

If relief shipments intended for prisoners of war cannot be sent through the
post office by reason of weight or for any other cause, the cost of
transportation shall be borne by the Detaining Power in all the territories
under its control. The other Powers party to the Convention shall bear the
cost of transport in their respective territories.

In the absence of special agreements between the Parties concerned, the
costs connected with transport of such shipments, other than costs covered
by the above exemption, shall be charged to the senders.

The High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to reduce, so far as possible,
the rates charged for telegrams sent by prisoners of war, or addressed to
them.

Article 75

Should military operations prevent the Powers concerned from fulfilling
their obligation to assure the transport of the shipments referred to in
Articles 70, 71, 72 and 77, the Protecting Powers concerned, the
International Committee of the Red Cross or any other organization duly
approved by the Parties to the conflict may undertake to ensure the
conveyance of such shipments by suitable means (railway wagons, motor
vehicles, vessels or aircraft, etc.). For this purpose, the High Contracting
Parties shall endeavour to supply them with such transport and to allow its
circulation, especially by granting the necessary safe-conducts.

Such transport may also be used to convey:

(a) Correspondence, lists and reports exchanged between the Central
Information Agency referred to in Article 123 and the National Bureaux
referred to in Article 122;

(b) Correspondence and reports relating to prisoners of war which the
Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other
body assisting the prisoners, exchange either with their own delegates or
with the Parties to the conflict.

These provisions in no way detract from the right of any Party to the
conflict to arrange other means of transport, if it should so prefer, nor
preclude the granting of safe-conducts, under mutually agreed conditions, to
such means of transport.

In the absence of special agreements, the costs occasioned by the use of
such means of transport shall be borne proportionally by the Parties to the
conflict whose nationals are benefited thereby.

Article 76

The censoring of correspondence addressed to prisoners of war or despatched
by them shall be done as quickly as possible. Mail shall be censored only by
the despatching State and the receiving State, and once only by each.

The examination of consignments intended for prisoners of war shall not be
carried out under conditions that will expose the goods contained in them to
deterioration; except in the case of written or printed matter, it shall be
done in the presence of the addressee, or of a fellow-prisoner duly
delegated by him. The delivery to prisoners of individual or collective
consignments shall not be delayed under the pretext of difficulties of
censorship.

Any prohibition of correspondence ordered by Parties to the conflict, either
for military or political reasons, shall be only temporary and its duration
shall be as short as possible.

Article 77

The Detaining Powers shall provide all facilities for the transmission,
through the Protecting Power or the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided
for in Article 123, of instruments, papers or documents intended for
prisoners of war or despatched by them, especially powers of attorney and
wills.

In all cases they shall facilitate the preparation and execution of such
documents on behalf of prisoners of war; in particular, they shall allow
them to consult a lawyer and shall take what measures are necessary for the
authentication of their signatures.

SECTION VI

RELATIONS BETWEEN PRISONERS OF WAR AND THE AUTHORITIES

Chapter I

COMPLAINTS OF PRISONERS OF WAR RESPECTING THE CONDITIONS OF CAPTIVITY

Article 78

Prisoners of war shall have the right to make known to the military
authorities in whose power they are, their requests regarding the conditions
of captivity to which they are subjected.

They shall also have the unrestricted right to apply to the representatives
of the Protecting Powers either through their prisoners' representative or,
if they consider it necessary, direct, in order to draw their attention to
any points on which they may have complaints to make regarding their
conditions of captivity.

These requests and complaints shall not be limited nor considered to be a
part of the correspondence quota referred to in Article 71. They must be
transmitted immediately. Even if they are recognized to be unfounded, they
may not give rise to any punishment.

Prisoners' representatives may send periodic reports on the situation in the
camps and the needs of the prisoners of war to the representatives of the
Protecting Powers.

Chapter II

PRISONER OF WAR REPRESENTATIVES

Article 79

In all places where there are prisoners of war, except in those where there
are officers, the prisoners shall freely elect by secret ballot, every six
months, and also in case of vacancies, prisoners' representatives entrusted
with representing them before the military authorities, the Protecting
Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross and any other
organization which may assist them. These prisoners' representatives shall
be eligible for re-election.

In camps for officers and persons of equivalent status or in mixed camps,
the senior officer among the prisoners of war shall be recognized as the
camp prisoners' representative. In camps for officers, he shall be assisted
by one or more advisers chosen by the officers; in mixed camps, his
assistants shall be chosen from among the prisoners of war who are not
officers and shall be elected by them.

Officer prisoners of war of the same nationality shall be stationed in
labour camps for prisoners of war, for the purpose of carrying out the camp
administration duties for which the prisoners of war are responsible. These
officers may be elected as prisoners' representatives under the first
paragraph of this Article. In such a case the assistants to the prisoners'
representatives shall be chosen from among those prisoners of war who are
not officers.

Every representative elected must be approved by the Detaining Power before
he has the right to commence his duties. Where the Detaining Power refuses
to approve a prisoner of war elected by his fellow prisoners of war, it must
inform the Protecting Power of the reason for such refusal.

In all cases the prisoners' representative must have the same nationality,
language and customs as the prisoners of war whom he represents. Thus,
prisoners of war distributed in different sections of a camp, according to
their nationality, language or customs, shall have for each section their
own prisoners' representative, in accordance with the foregoing paragraphs.

Article 80

Prisoners' representatives shall further the physical, spiritual and
intellectual well-being of prisoners of war.

In particular, where the prisoners decide to organize amongst themselves a
system of mutual assistance, this organization will be within the province
of the prisoners' representative, in addition to the special duties
entrusted to him by other provisions of the present Convention.

Prisoners' representatives shall not be held responsible, simply by reason
of their duties, for any offences committed by prisoners of war.

Article 81

Prisoners' representatives shall not be required to perform any other work,
if the accomplishment of their duties is thereby made more difficult.

Prisoners' representatives may appoint from amongst the prisoners such
assistants as they may require. All material facilities shall be granted
them, particularly a certain freedom of movement necessary for the
accomplishment of their duties (inspection of labour detachments, receipt of
supplies, etc.).

Prisoners' representatives shall be permitted to visit premises where
prisoners of war are detained, and every prisoner of war shall have the
right to consult freely his prisoners' representative.

All facilities shall likewise be accorded to the prisoners' representatives
for communication by post and telegraph with the detaining authorities, the
Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross and their
delegates, the Mixed Medical Commissions and with the bodies which give
assistance to prisoners of war. Prisoners' representatives of labour
detachments shall enjoy the same facilities for communication with the
prisoners' representatives of the principal camp. Such communications shall
not be restricted, nor considered as forming a part of the quota mentioned
in Article 71.

Prisoners' representatives who are transferred shall be allowed a reasonable
time to acquaint their successors with current affairs.

In case of dismissal, the reasons therefor shall be communicated to the
Protecting Power.

Chapter III

PENAL AND DISCIPLINARY SANCTIONS

I. General provisions

Article 82

A prisoner of war shall be subject to the laws, regulations and orders in
force in the armed forces of the Detaining Power; the Detaining Power shall
be justified in taking judicial or disciplinary measures in respect of any
offence committed by a prisoner of war against such laws, regulations or
orders. However, no proceedings or punishments contrary to the provisions of
this Chapter shall be allowed.

If any law, regulation or order of the Detaining Power shall declare acts
committed by a prisoner of war to be punishable, whereas the same acts would
not be punishable if committed by a member of the forces of the Detaining
Power, such acts shall entail disciplinary punishments only.

Article 83

In deciding whether proceedings in respect of an offence alleged to have
been committed by a prisoner of war shall be judicial or disciplinary, the
Detaining Power shall ensure that the competent authorities exercise the
greatest leniency and adopt, wherever possible, disciplinary rather than
judicial measures.

Article 84

A prisoner of war shall be tried only by a military court, unless the
existing laws of the Detaining Power expressly permit the civil courts to
try a member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power in respect of the
particular offence alleged to have been committed by the prisoner of war.

In no circumstances whatever shall a prisoner of war be tried by a court of
any kind which does not offer the essential guarantees of independence and
impartiality as generally recognized, and, in particular, the procedure of
which does not afford the accused the rights and means of defence provided
for in Article 105.

Article 85

Prisoners of war prosecuted under the laws of the Detaining Power for acts
committed prior to capture shall retain, even if convicted, the benefits of
the present Convention.

Article 86

No prisoner of war may be punished more than once for the same act, or on
the same charge.

Article 87

Prisoners of war may not be sentenced by the military authorities and courts
of the Detaining Power to any penalties except those provided for in respect
of members of the armed forces of the said Power who have committed the same
acts.

When fixing the penalty, the courts or authorities of the Detaining Power
shall take into consideration, to the widest extent possible, the fact that
the accused, not being a national of the Detaining Power, is not bound to it
by any duty of allegiance, and that he is in its power as the result of
circumstances independent of his own will. The said courts or authorities
shall be at liberty to reduce the penalty provided for the violation of
which the prisoner of war is accused, and shall therefore not be bound to
apply the minimum penalty prescribed.

Collective punishment for individual acts, corporal punishments,
imprisonment in premises without daylight and, in general, any form of
torture or cruelty, are forbidden.

No prisoner of war may be deprived of his rank by the Detaining Power, or
prevented from wearing his badges.

Article 88

Officers, non-commissioned officers and men who are prisoners of war
undergoing a disciplinary or judicial punishment, shall not be subjected to
more severe treatment than that applied in respect of the same punishment to
members of the armed forces of the Detaining Power of equivalent rank.

A woman prisoner of war shall not be awarded or sentenced to a punishment
more severe, or treated whilst undergoing punishment more severely, than a
woman member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power dealt with for a
similar offence.

In no case may a woman prisoner of war be awarded or sentenced to a
punishment more severe, or treated whilst undergoing punishment more
severely, than a male member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power
dealt with for a similar offence.

Prisoners of war who have served disciplinary or judicial sentences may not
be treated differently from other prisoners of war.

II. Disciplinary sanctions

Article 89

The disciplinary punishments applicable to prisoners of war are the
following:

1. A fine which shall not exceed 50 per cent of the advances of pay and
working pay which the prisoner of war would otherwise receive under the
provisions of Articles 60 and 62 during a period of not more than thirty
days.

2. Discontinuance of privileges granted over and above the treatment
provided for by the present Convention.

3. Fatigue duties not exceeding two hours daily.

4. Confinement.

The punishment referred to under (3) shall not be applied to officers.

In no case shall disciplinary punishments be inhuman, brutal or dangerous to
the health of prisoners of war.

Article 90

The duration of any single punishment shall in no case exceed thirty days.
Any period of confinement awaiting the hearing of a disciplinary offence or
the award of disciplinary punishment shall be deducted from an award
pronounced against a prisoner of war.

The maximum of thirty days provided above may not be exceeded, even if the
prisoner of war is answerable for several acts at the same time when he is
awarded punishment, whether such acts are related or not.

The period between the pronouncing of an award of disciplinary punishment
and its execution shall not exceed one month.

When a prisoner of war is awarded a further disciplinary punishment, a
period of at least three days shall elapse between the execution of any two
of the punishments, if the duration of one of these is ten days or more.

Article 91

The escape of a prisoner of war shall be deemed to have succeeded when:

1. He has joined the armed forces of the Power on which he depends, or those
of an allied Power;

2. He has left the territory under the control of the Detaining Power, or of
an ally of the said Power;

3. He has joined a ship flying the flag of the Power on which he depends, or
of an allied Power, in the territorial waters of the Detaining Power, the
said ship not being under the control of the last-named Power.

Prisoners of war who have made good their escape in the sense of this
Article and who are recaptured, shall not be liable to any punishment in
respect of their previous escape.

Article 92

A prisoner of war who attempts to escape and is recaptured before having
made good his escape in the sense of Article 91 shall be liable only to a
disciplinary punishment in respect of this act, even if it is a repeated
offence.

A prisoner of war who is recaptured shall be handed over without delay to
the competent military authority.

Article 88, fourth paragraph, notwithstanding, prisoners of war punished as
a result of an unsuccessful escape may be subjected to special surveillance.
Such surveillance must not affect the state of their health, must be
undergone in a prisoner of war camp, and must not entail the suppression of
any of the safeguards granted them by the present Convention.

Article 93

Escape or attempt to escape, even if it is a repeated offence, shall not be
deemed an aggravating circumstance if the prisoner of war is subjected to
trial by judicial proceedings in respect of an offence committed during his
escape or attempt to escape.

In conformity with the principle stated in Article 83, offences committed by
prisoners of war with the sole intention of facilitating their escape and
which do not entail any violence against life or limb, such as offences
against public property, theft without intention of self-enrichment, the
drawing up or use of false papers, the wearing of civilian clothing, shall
occasion disciplinary punishment only.

Prisoners of war who aid or abet an escape or an attempt to escape shall be
liable on this count to disciplinary punishment only.

Article 94

If an escaped prisoner of war is recaptured, the Power on which he depends
shall be notified thereof in the manner defined in Article 122, provided
notification of his escape has been made.

Article 95

A prisoner of war accused of an offence against discipline shall not be kept
in confinement pending the hearing unless a member of the armed forces of
the Detaining Power would be so kept if he were accused of a similar
offence, or if it is essential in the interests of camp order and
discipline.

Any period spent by a prisoner of war in confinement awaiting the disposal
of an offence against discipline shall be reduced to an absolute minimum and
shall not exceed fourteen days.

The provisions of Articles 97 and 98 of this Chapter shall apply to
prisoners of war who are in confinement awaiting the disposal of offences
against discipline.

Article 96

Acts which constitute offences against discipline shall be investigated
immediately.

Without prejudice to the competence of courts and superior military
authorities, disciplinary punishment may be ordered only by an officer
having disciplinary powers in his capacity as camp commander, or by a
responsible officer who replaces him or to whom he has delegated his
disciplinary powers.

In no case may such powers be delegated to a prisoner of war or be exercised
by a prisoner of war.

Before any disciplinary award is pronounced, the accused shall be given
precise information regarding the offences of which he is accused, and given
an opportunity of explaining his conduct and of defending himself. He shall
be permitted, in particular, to call witnesses and to have recourse, if
necessary, to the services of a qualified interpreter. The decision shall be
announced to the accused prisoner of war and to the prisoners'
representative.

A record of disciplinary punishments shall be maintained by the camp
commander and shall be open to inspection by representatives of the
Protecting Power.

Article 97

Prisoners of war shall not in any case be transferred to penitentiary
establishments (prisons, penitentiaries, convict prisons, etc.) to undergo
disciplinary punishment therein.

All premises in which disciplinary punishments are undergone shall conform
to the sanitary requirements set forth in Article 25. A prisoner of war
undergoing punishment shall be enabled to keep himself in a state of
cleanliness, in conformity with Article 29.

Officers and persons of equivalent status shall not be lodged in the same
quarters as non-commissioned officers or men.

Women prisoners of war undergoing disciplinary punishment shall be confined
in separate quarters from male prisoners of war and shall be under the
immediate supervision of women.

Article 98

A prisoner of war undergoing confinement as a disciplinary punishment, shall
continue to enjoy the benefits of the provisions of this Convention except
in so far as these are necessarily rendered inapplicable by the mere fact
that he is confined. In no case may he be deprived of the benefits of the
provisions of Articles 78 and 126.

A prisoner of war awarded disciplinary punishment may not be deprived of the
prerogatives attached to his rank.

Prisoners of war awarded disciplinary punishment shall be allowed to
exercise and to stay in the open air at least two hours daily.

They shall be allowed, on their request, to be present at the daily medical
inspections. They shall receive the attention which their state of health
requires and, if necessary, shall be removed to the camp infirmary or to a
hospital.

They shall have permission to read and write, likewise to send and receive
letters. Parcels and remittances of money, however, may be withheld from
them until the completion of the punishment; they shall meanwhile be
entrusted to the prisoners' representative, who will hand over to the
infirmary the perishable goods contained in such parcels.

III. Judicial proceedings

Article 99

No prisoner of war may be tried or sentenced for an act which is not
forbidden by the law of the Detaining Power or by international law, in
force at the time the said act was committed.

No moral or physical coercion may be exerted on a prisoner of war in order
to induce him to admit himself guilty of the act of which he is accused.

No prisoner of war may be convicted without having had an opportunity to
present his defence and the assistance of a qualified advocate or counsel.

Article 100

Prisoners of war and the Protecting Powers shall be informed as soon as
possible of the offences which are punishable by the death sentence under
the laws of the Detaining Power.

Other offences shall not thereafter be made punishable by the death penalty
without the concurrence of the Power upon which the prisoners of war depend.

The death sentence cannot be pronounced on a prisoner of war unless the
attention of the court has, in accordance with Article 87, second paragraph,
been particularly called to the fact that since the accused is not a
national of the Detaining Power, he is not bound to it by any duty of
allegiance, and that he is in its power as the result of circumstances
independent of his own will.

Article 101

If the death penalty is pronounced on a prisoner of war, the sentence shall
not be executed before the expiration of a period of at least six months
from the date when the Protecting Power receives, at an indicated address,
the detailed communication provided for in Article 107.

Article 102

A prisoner of war can be validly sentenced only if the sentence has been
pronounced by the same courts according to the same procedure as in the case
of members of the armed forces of the Detaining Power, and if, furthermore,
the provisions of the present Chapter have been observed.

Article 103

Judicial investigations relating to a prisoner of war shall be conducted as
rapidly as circumstances permit and so that his trial shall take place as
soon as possible. A prisoner of war shall not be confined while awaiting
trial unless a member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power would be so
confined if he were accused of a similar offence, or if it is essential to
do so in the interests of national security. In no circumstances shall this
confinement exceed three months.

Any period spent by a prisoner of war in confinement awaiting trial shall be
deducted from any sentence of imprisonment passed upon him and taken into
account in fixing any penalty.

The provisions of Articles 97 and 98 of this Chapter shall apply to a
prisoner of war whilst in confinement awaiting trial.

Article 104

In any case in which the Detaining Power has decided to institute judicial
proceedings against a prisoner of war, it shall notify the Protecting Power
as soon as possible and at least three weeks before the opening of the
trial. This period of three weeks shall run as from the day on which such
notification reaches the Protecting Power at the address previously
indicated by the latter to the Detaining Power.

The said notification shall contain the following information:

1. Surname and first names of the prisoner of war, his rank, his army,
regimental, personal or serial number, his date of birth, and his profession
or trade, if any;

2. Place of internment or confinement;

3. Specification of the charge or charges on which the prisoner of war is to
be arraigned, giving the legal provisions applicable;

4 . Designation of the court which will try the case, likewise the date and
place fixed for the opening of the trial.

The same communication shall be made by the Detaining Power to the
prisoners' representative.

If no evidence is submitted, at the opening of a trial, that the
notification referred to above was received by the Protecting Power, by the
prisoner of war and by the prisoners' representative concerned, at least
three weeks before the opening of the trial, then the latter cannot take
place and must be adjourned.

Article 105

The prisoner of war shall be entitled to assistance by one of his prisoner
comrades, to defence by a qualified advocate or counsel of his own choice,
to the calling of witnesses and, if he deems necessary, to the services of a
competent interpreter. He shall be advised of these rights by the Detaining
Power in due time before the trial.

Failing a choice by the prisoner of war, the Protecting Power shall find him
an advocate or counsel, and shall have at least one week at its disposal for
the purpose. The Detaining Power shall deliver to the said Power, on
request, a list of persons qualified to present the defence. Failing a
choice of an advocate or counsel by the prisoner of war or the Protecting
Power, the Detaining Power shall appoint a competent advocate or counsel to
conduct the defence.

The advocate or counsel conducting the defence on behalf of the prisoner of
war shall have at his disposal a period of two weeks at least before the
opening of the trial, as well as the necessary facilities to prepare the
defence of the accused. He may, in particular, freely visit the accused and
interview him in private. He may also confer with any witnesses for the
defence, including prisoners of war. He shall have the benefit of these
facilities until the term of appeal or petition has expired.

Particulars of the charge or charges on which the prisoner of war is to be
arraigned, as well as the documents which are generally communicated to the
accused by virtue of the laws in force in the armed forces of the Detaining
Power, shall be communicated to the accused prisoner of war in a language
which he understands, and in good time before the opening of the trial. The
same communication in the same circumstances shall be made to the advocate
or counsel conducting the defence on behalf of the prisoner of war.

The representatives of the Protecting Power shall be entitled to attend the
trial of the case, unless, exceptionally, this is held in camera in the
interest of State security. In such a case the Detaining Power shall advise
the Protecting Power accordingly.

Article 106

Every prisoner of war shall have, in the same manner as the members of the
armed forces of the Detaining Power, the right of appeal or petition from
any sentence pronounced upon him, with a view to the quashing or revising of
the sentence or the reopening of the trial. He shall be fully informed of
his right to appeal or petition and of the time limit within which he may do
so.

Article 107

Any judgment and sentence pronounced upon a prisoner of war shall be
immediately reported to the Protecting Power in the form of a summary
communication, which shall also indicate whether he has the right of appeal
with a view to the quashing of the sentence or the reopening of the trial.
This communication shall likewise be sent to the prisoners' representative
concerned. It shall also be sent to the accused prisoner of war in a
language he understands, if the sentence was not pronounced in his presence.
The Detaining Power shall also immediately communicate to the Protecting
Power the decision of the prisoner of war to use or to waive his right of
appeal.

Furthermore, if a prisoner of war is finally convicted or if a sentence
pronounced on a prisoner of war in the first instance is a death sentence,
the Detaining Power shall as soon as possible address to the Protecting
Power a detailed communication containing:

1. The precise wording of the finding and sentence;

2. A summarized report of any preliminary investigation and of the trial,
emphasizing in particular the elements of the prosecution and the defence;

3. Notification, where applicable, of the establishment where the sentence
will be served.

The communications provided for in the foregoing subparagraphs shall be sent
to the Protecting Power at the address previously made known to the
Detaining Power.

Article 108

Sentences pronounced on prisoners of war after a conviction has become duly
enforceable, shall be served in the same establishments and under the same
conditions as in the case of members of the armed forces of the Detaining
Power. These conditions shall in all cases conform to the requirements of
health and humanity.

A woman prisoner of war on whom such a sentence has been pronounced shall be
confined in separate quarters and shall be under the supervision of women.

In any case, prisoners of war sentenced to a penalty depriving them of their
liberty shall retain the benefit of the provisions of Articles 78 and 126 of
the present Convention. Furthermore, they shall be entitled to receive and
despatch correspondence, to receive at least one relief parcel monthly, to
take regular exercise in the open air, to have the medical care required by
their state of health, and the spiritual assistance they may desire.
Penalties to which they may be subjected shall be in accordance with the
provisions of Article 87, third paragraph.

PART IV

TERMINATION OF CAPTIVITY

SECTION I

DIRECT REPATRIATION AND ACCOMMODATION IN NEUTRAL COUNTRIES

Article 109

Subject to the provisions of the third paragraph of this Article, Parties to
the conflict are bound to send back to their own country, regardless of
number or rank, seriously wounded and seriously sick prisoners of war, after
having cared for them until they are fit to travel, in accordance with the
first paragraph of the following Article.

Throughout the duration of hostilities, Parties to the conflict shall
endeavour, with the cooperation of the neutral Powers concerned, to make
arrangements for the accommodation in neutral countries of the sick and
wounded prisoners of war referred to in the second paragraph of the
following Article. They may, in addition, conclude agreements with a view to
the direct repatriation or internment in a neutral country of able-bodied
prisoners of war who have undergone a long period of captivity.

No sick or injured prisoner of war who is eligible for repatriation under
the first paragraph of this Article, may be repatriated against his will
during hostilities.

Article 110

The following shall be repatriated direct:

1. Incurably wounded and sick whose mental or physical fitness seems to have
been gravely diminished.

2. Wounded and sick who, according to medical opinion, are not likely to
recover within one year, whose condition requires treatment and whose mental
or physical fitness seems to have been gravely diminished.

3. Wounded and sick who have recovered, but whose mental or physical fitness
seems to have been gravely and permanently diminished.

The following may be accommodated in a neutral country:

1. Wounded and sick whose recovery may be expected within one year of the
date of the wound or the beginning of the illness, if treatment in a neutral
country might increase the prospects of a more certain and speedy recovery.

2. Prisoners of war whose mental or physical health, according to medical
opinion, is seriously threatened by continued captivity, but whose
accommodation in a neutral country might remove such a threat.

The conditions which prisoners of war accommodated in a neutral country must
fulfil in order to permit their repatriation shall be fixed, as shall
likewise their status, by agreement between the Powers concerned. In
general, prisoners of war who have been accommodated in a neutral country,
and who belong to the following categories, should be repatriated:

1. Those whose state of health has deteriorated so as to fulfil the
conditions laid down for direct repatriation;

2. Those whose mental or physical powers remain, even after treatment,
considerably impaired.

If no special agreements are concluded between the Parties to the conflict
concerned, to determine the cases of disablement or sickness entailing
direct repatriation or accommodation in a neutral country, such cases shall
be settled in accordance with the principles laid down in the Model
Agreement concerning direct repatriation and accommodation in neutral
countries of wounded and sick prisoners of war and in the Regulations
concerning Mixed Medical Commissions annexed to the present Convention.

Article 111

The Detaining Power, the Power on which the prisoners of war depend, and a
neutral Power agreed upon by these two Powers, shall endeavour to conclude
agreements which will enable prisoners of war to be interned in the
territory of the said neutral Power until the close of hostilities.

Article 112

Upon the outbreak of hostilities, Mixed Medical Commissions shall be
appointed to examine sick and wounded prisoners of war, and to make all
appropriate decisions regarding them. The appointment, duties and
functioning of these Commissions shall be in conformity with the provisions
of the Regulations annexed to the present Convention.

However, prisoners of war who, in the opinion of the medical authorities of
the Detaining Power, are manifestly seriously injured or seriously sick, may
be repatriated without having to be examined by a Mixed Medical Commission.

Article 113

Besides those who are designated by the medical authorities of the Detaining
Power, wounded or sick prisoners of war belonging to the categories listed
below shall be entitled to present themselves for examination by the Mixed
Medical Commissions provided for in the foregoing Article:

1. Wounded and sick proposed by a physician or surgeon who is of the same
nationality, or a national of a Party to the conflict allied with the Power
on which the said prisoners depend, and who exercises his functions in the
camp.

2. Wounded and sick proposed by their prisoners' representative.

3. Wounded and sick proposed by the Power on which they depend, or by an
organization duly recognized by the said Power and giving assistance to the
prisoners.

Prisoners of war who do not belong to one of the three foregoing categories
may nevertheless present themselves for examination by Mixed Medical
Commissions, but shall be examined only after those belonging to the said
categories.

The physician or surgeon of the same nationality as the prisoners who
present themselves for examination by the Mixed Medical Commission, likewise
the prisoners' representative of the said prisoners, shall have permission
to be present at the examination.

Article 114

Prisoners of war who meet with accidents shall, unless the injury is
self-inflicted, have the benefit of the provisions of this Convention as
regards repatriation or accommodation in a neutral country.

Article 115

No prisoner of war on whom a disciplinary punishment has been imposed and
who is eligible for repatriation or for accommodation in a neutral country,
may be kept back on the plea that he has not undergone his punishment.

Prisoners of war detained in connection with a judicial prosecuti on or
conviction and who are designated for repatriation or accommodation in a
neutral country, may benefit by such measures before the end of the
proceedings or the completion of the punishment, if the Detaining Power
consents.

Parties to the conflict shall communicate to each other the names of those
who will be detained until the end of the proceedings or the completion of
the punishment.

Article 116

The costs of repatriating prisoners of war or of transporting them to a
neutral country shall be borne, from the frontiers of the Detaining Power,
by the Power on which the said prisoners depend.

Article 117

No repatriated person may be employed on active military service.

SECTION II

RELEASE AND REPATRIATION OF PRISONERS OF WAR AT THE CLOSE OF HOSTILITIES

Article 118

Prisoners of war shall be released and repatriated without delay after the
cessation of active hostilities.

In the absence of stipulations to the above effect in any agreement
concluded between the Parties to the conflict with a view to the cessation
of hostilities, or failing any such agreement, each of the Detaining Powers
shall itself establish and execute without delay a plan of repatriation in
conformity with the principle laid down in the foregoing paragraph.

In either case, the measures adopted shall be brought to the knowledge of
the prisoners of war.

The costs of repatriation of prisoners of war shall in all cases be
equitably apportioned between the Detaining Power and the Power on which the
prisoners depend. This apportionment shall be carried out on the following
basis:

(a) If the two Powers are contiguous, the Power on which the prisoners of
war depend shall bear the costs of repatriation from the frontiers of the
Detaining Power.

(b) If the two Powers are not contiguous, the Detaining Power shall bear the
costs of transport of prisoners of war over its own territory as far as its
frontier or its port of embarkation nearest to the territory of the Power on
which the prisoners of war depend. The Parties concerned shall agree between
themselves as to the equitable apportionment of the remaining costs of the
repatriation. The conclusion of this agreement shall in no circumstances
justify any delay in the repatriation of the prisoners of war.

Article 119

Repatriation shall be effected in conditions similar to those laid down in
Articles 46 to 48 inclusive of the present Convention for the transfer of
prisoners of war, having regard to the provisions of Article 118 and to
those of the following paragraphs.

On repatriation, any articles of value impounded from prisoners of war under
Article 18, and any foreign currency which has not been converted into the
currency of the Detaining Power, shall be restored to them. Articles of
value and foreign currency which, for any reason whatever, are not restored
to prisoners of war on repatriation, shall be despatched to the Information
Bureau set up under Article 122.

Prisoners of war shall be allowed to take with them their personal effects,
and any correspondence and parcels which have arrived for them. The weight
of such baggage may be limited, if the conditions of repatriation so
require, to what each prisoner can reasonably carry. Each prisoner shall in
all cases be authorized to carry at least twenty-five kilograms.

The other personal effects of the repatriated prisoner shall be left in the
charge of the Detaining Power which shall have them forwarded to him as soon
as it has concluded an agreement to this effect, regulating the conditions
of transport and the payment of the costs involved, with the Power on which
the prisoner depends.

Prisoners of war against whom criminal proceedings for an indictable offence
are pending may be detained until the end of such proceedings, and, if
necessary, until the completion of the punishment. The same shall apply to
prisoners of war already convicted for an indictable offence.

Parties to the conflict shall communicate to each other the names of any
prisoners of war who are detained until the end of the proceedings or until
punishment has been completed.

By agreement between the Parties to the conflict, commissions shall be
established for the purpose of searching for dispersed prisoners of war and
of assuring their repatriation with the least possible delay.

SECTION III

DEATH OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 120

Wills of prisoners of war shall be drawn up so as to satisfy the conditions
of validity required by the legislation of their country of origin, which
will take steps to inform the Detaining Power of its requirements in this
respect. At the request of the prisoner of war and, in all cases, after
death, the will shall be transmitted without delay to the Protecting Power;
a certified copy shall be sent to the Central Agency.

Death certificates in the form annexed to the present Convention, or lists
certified by a responsible officer, of all persons who die as prisoners of
war shall be forwarded as rapidly as possible to the Prisoner of War
Information Bureau established in accordance with Article 122. The death
certificates or certified lists shall show particulars of identity as set
out in the third paragraph of Article 17, and also the date and place of
death, the cause of death, the date and place of burial and all particulars
necessary to identify the graves.

The burial or cremation of a prisoner of war shall be preceded by a medical
examination of the body with a view to confirming death and enabling a
report to be made and, where necessary, establishing identity.

The detaining authorities shall ensure that prisoners of war who have died
in captivity are honourably buried, if possible according to the rites of
the religion to which they belonged, and that their graves are respected,
suitably maintained and marked so as to be found at any time. Wherever
possible, deceased prisoners of war who depended on the same Power shall be
interred in the same place.

Deceased prisoners of war shall be buried in individual graves unless
unavoidable circumstances require the use of collective graves. Bodies may
be cremated only for imperative reasons of hygiene, on account of the
religion of the deceased or in accordance with his express wish to this
effect. In case of cremation, the fact shall be stated and the reasons given
in the death certificate of the deceased.

In order that graves may always be found, all particulars of burials and
graves shall be recorded with a Graves Registration Service established by
the Detaining Power. Lists of graves and particulars of the prisoners of war
interred in cemeteries and elsewhere shall be transmitted to the Power on
which such prisoners of war depended. Responsibility for the care of these
graves and for records of any subsequent moves of the bodies shall rest on
the Power controlling the territory, if a Party to the present Convention.
These provisions shall also apply to the ashes, which shall be kept by the
Graves Registration Service until proper disposal thereof in accordance with
the wishes of the home country.

Article 121

Every death or serious injury of a prisoner of war caused or suspected to
have been caused by a sentry, another prisoner of war, or any other person,
as well as any death the cause of which is unknown, shall be immediately
followed by an official enquiry by the Detaining Power.

A communication on this subject shall be sent immediately to the Protecting
Power. Statements shall be taken from witnesses, especially from those who
are prisoners of war, and a report including such statements shall be
forwarded to the Protecting Power.

If the enquiry indicates the guilt of one or more persons, the Detaining
Power shall take all measures for the prosecution of the person or persons
responsible.

PART V

INFORMATION BUREAUX AND RELIEF SOCIETIES FOR PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 122

Upon the outbreak of a conflict and in all cases of occupation, each of the
Parties to the conflict shall institute an official Information Bureau for
prisoners of war who are in its power. Neutral or non-belligerent Powers who
may have received within their territory persons belonging to one of the
categories referred to in Article 4, shall take the same action with respect
to such persons. The Power concerned shall ensure that the Prisoners of War
Information Bureau is provided with the necessary accommodation, equipment
and staff to ensure its efficient working. It shall be at liberty to employ
prisoners of war in such a Bureau under the conditions laid down in the
Section of the present Convention dealing with work by prisoners of war.

Within the shortest possible period, each of the Parties to the conflict
shall give its Bureau the information referred to in the fourth, fifth and
sixth paragraphs of this Article regarding any enemy person belonging to one
of the categories referred to in Article 4, who has fallen into its power.
Neutral or non-belligerent Powers shall take the same action with regard to
persons belonging to such categories whom they have received within their
territory.

The Bureau shall immediately forward such information by the most rapid
means to the Powers concerned, through the intermediary of the Protecting
Powers and likewise of the Central Agency provided for in Article 123.

This information shall make it possible quickly to advise the next of kin
concerned. Subject to the provisions of Article 17, the information shall
include, in so far as available to the Information Bureau, in respect of
each prisoner of war, his surname, first names, rank, army, regimental,
personal or serial number, place and full date of birth, indication of the
Power on which he depends, first name of the father and maiden name of the
mother, name and address of the person to be informed and the address to
which correspondence for the prisoner may be sent.

The Information Bureau shall receive from the various departments concerned
information regarding transfers, releases, repatriations, escapes,
admissions to hospital, and deaths, and shall transmit such information in
the manner described in the third paragraph above.

Likewise, information regarding the state of health of prisoners of war who
are seriously ill or seriously wounded shall be supplied regularly, every
week if possible.

The Information Bureau shall also be responsible for replying to all
enquiries sent to it concerning prisoners of war, including those who have
died in captivity; it will make any enquiries necessary to obtain the
information which is asked for if this is not in its possession.

All written communications made by the Bureau shall be authenticated by a
signature or a seal.

The Information Bureau shall furthermore be charged with collecting all
personal valuables, including sums in currencies other than that of the
Detaining Power and documents of importance to the next of kin, left by
prisoners of war who have been repatriated or released, or who have escaped
or died, and shall forward the said valuables to the Powers concerned. Such
articles shall be sent by the Bureau in sealed packets which shall be
accompanied by statements giving clear and full particulars of the identity
of the person to whom the articles belonged, and by a complete list of the
contents of the parcel. Other personal effects of such prisoners of war
shall be transmitted under arrangements agreed upon between the Parties to
the conflict concerned.

Article 123

A Central Prisoners of War Information Agency shall be created in a neutral
country. The International Committee of the Red Cross shall, if it deems
necessary, propose to the Powers concerned the organization of such an
Agency.

The function of the Agency shall be to collect all the information it may
obtain through official or private channels respecting prisoners of war, and
to transmit it as rapidly as possible to the country of origin of the
prisoners of war or to the Power on which they depend. It shall receive from
the Parties to the conflict all facilities for effecting such transmissions.

The High Contracting Parties, and in particular those whose nationals
benefit by the services of the Central Agency, are requested to give the
said Agency the financial aid it may require.

The foregoing provisions shall in no way be interpreted as restricting the
humanitarian activities of the International Committee of the Red Cross, or
of the relief Societies provided for in Article 125.

Article 124

The national Information Bureaux and the Central Information Agency shall
enjoy free postage for mail, likewise all the exemptions provided for in
Article 74, and further, so far as possible, exemption from telegraphic
charges or, at least, greatly reduced rates.

Article 125

Subject to the measures which the Detaining Powers may consider essential to
ensure their security or to meet any other reasonable need, the
representatives of religious organizations, relief societies, or any other
organization assisting prisoners of war, shall receive from the said Powers,
for themselves and their duly accredited agents, all necessary facilities
for visiting the prisoners, distributing relief supplies and material, from
any source, intended for religious, educational or recreative purposes, and
for assisting them in organizing their leisure time within the camps. Such
societies or organizations may be constituted in the territory of the
Detaining Power or in any other country, or they may have an international
character.

The Detaining Power may limit the number of societies and organizations
whose delegates are allowed to carry out their activities in its territory
and under its supervision, on condition, however, that such limitation shall
not hinder the effective operation of adequate relief to all prisoners of
war.

The special position of the International Committee of the Red Cross in this
field shall be recognized and respected at all times.

As soon as relief supplies or material intended for the above-mentioned
purposes are handed over to prisoners of war, or very shortly afterwards,
receipts for each consignment, signed by the prisoners' representative,
shall be forwarded to the relief society or organization making the
shipment. At the same time, receipts for these consignments shall be
supplied by the administrative authorities responsible for guarding the
prisoners.

PART VI

EXECUTION OF THE CONVENTION

SECTION I

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Article 126

Representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall have permission
to go to all places where prisoners of war may be, particularly to places of
internment, imprisonment and labour, and shall have access to all premises
occupied by prisoners of war; they shall also be allowed to go to the places
of departure, passage and arrival of prisoners who are being transferred.
They shall be able to interview the prisoners, and in particular the
prisoners' representatives, without witnesses, either personally or through
an interpreter.

Representatives and delegates of the Protecting Powers shall have full
liberty to select the places they wish to visit. The duration and frequency
of these visits shall not be restricted. Visits may not be prohibited except
for reasons of imperative military necessity, and then only as an
exceptional and temporary measure.

The Detaining Power and the Power on which the said prisoners of war depend
may agree, if necessary, that compatriots of these prisoners of war be
permitted to participate in the visits.

The delegates of the International Committee of the Red Cross shall enjoy
the same prerogatives. The appointment of such delegates shall be submitted
to the approval of the Power detaining the prisoners of war to be visited.

Article 127

The High Contracting Parties undertake, in time of peace as in time of war,
to disseminate the text of the present Convention as widely as possible in
their respective countries, and, in particular, to include the study thereof
in their programmes of military and, if possible, civil instruction, so that
the principles thereof may become known to all their armed forces and to the
entire population.

Any military or other authorities, who in time of war assume
responsibilities in respect of prisoners of war, must possess the text of
the Convention and be specially instructed as to its provisions.

Article 128

The High Contracting Parties shall communicate to one another through the
Swiss Federal Council and, during hostilities, through the Protecting
Powers, the official translations of the present Convention, as well as the
laws and regulations which they may adopt to ensure the application thereof.

Article 129

The High Contracting Parties undertake to enact any legislation necessary to
provide effective penal sanctions for persons committing, or ordering to be
committed, any of the grave breaches of the present Convention defined in
the following Article.

Each High Contracting Party shall be under the obligation to search for
persons alleged to have committed, or to have ordered to be committed, such
grave breaches, and shall bring such persons, regardless of their
nationality, before its own courts. It may also, if it prefers, and in
accordance with the provisions of its own legislation, hand such persons
over for trial to another High Contracting Party concerned, provided such
High Contracting Party has made out a prima facie case.

Each High Contracting Party shall take measures necessary for the
suppression of all acts contrary to the provisions of the present Convention
other than the grave breaches defined in the following Article.

In all circumstances, the accused persons shall benefit by safeguards of
proper trial and defence, which shall not be less favourable than those
provided by Article 105 and those following of the present Convention.

Article 130

Grave breaches to which the preceding Article relates shall be those
involving any of the following acts, if committed against persons or
property protected by the Convention: wilful killing, torture or inhuman
treatment, including biological experiments, wilfully causing great
suffering or serious injury to body or health, compelling a prisoner of war
to serve in the forces of the hostile Power, or wilfully depriving a
prisoner of war of the rights of fair and regular trial prescribed in this
Convention.

Article 131

No High Contracting Party shall be allowed to absolve itself or any other
High Contracting Party of any liability incurred by itself or by another
High Contracting Party in respect of breaches referred to in the preceding
Article.

Article 132

At the request of a Party to the conflict, an enquiry shall be instituted,
in a manner to be decided between the interested Parties, concerning any
alleged violation of the Convention.

If agreement has not been reached concerning the procedure for the enquiry,
the Parties should agree on the choice of an umpire who will decide upon the
procedure to be followed.

Once the violation has been established, the Parties to the conflict shall
put an end to it and shall repress it with the least possible delay.

SECTION 11

FINAL PROVISIONS

Article 133

The present Convention is established in English and in French. Both texts
are equally authentic. The Swiss Federal Council shall arrange for official
translations of the Convention to be made in the Russian and Spanish
languages.

Article 134

The present Convention replaces the Convention of 27 July 1929, in relations
between the High Contracting Parties.

Article 135

In the relations between the Powers which are bound by The Hague Convention
respecting the Laws and Customs of War on Land, whether that of July 29,
1899, or that of October 18, 1907, and which are parties to the present
Convention, this last Convention shall be complementary to Chapter II of the
Regulations annexed to the above-mentioned Conventions of The Hague.

Article 136

The present Convention, which bears the date of this day, is open to
signature until February 12, 1950, in the name of the Powers represented at
the Conference which opened at Geneva on April 21, 1949; furthermore, by
Powers not represented at that Conference, but which are parties to the
Convention of July 27, 1929.

Article 137

The present Convention shall be ratified as soon as possible and the
ratifications shall be deposited at Berne.

A record shall be drawn up of the deposit of each instrument of ratification
and certified copies of this record shall be transmitted by the Swiss
Federal Council to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been
signed, or whose accession has been notified.

Article 138

The present Convention shall come into force six months after not less than
two instruments of ratification have been deposited.

Thereafter, it shall come into force for each High Contracting Party six
months after the deposit of the instrument of ratification.

Article 139

From the date of its coming into force, it shall be open to any Power in
whose name the present Convention has not been signed, to accede to this
Convention.

Article 140

Accessions shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, and
shall take effect six months after the date on which they are received.

The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate the accessions to all the Powers
in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been
notified.

Article 141

The situations provided for in Articles 2 and 3 shall give immediate effect
to ratifications deposited and accessions notified by the Parties to the
conflict before or after the beginning of hostilities or occupation. The
Swiss Federal Council shall communicate by the quickest method any
ratifications or accessions received from Parties to the conflict.

Article 142

Each of the High Contracting Parties shall be at liberty to denounce the
present Convention.

The denunciation shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council,
which shall transmit it to the Governments of all the High Contracting
Parties.

The denunciation shall take effect one year after the notification thereof
has been made to the Swiss Federal Council. However, a denunciation of which
notification has been made at a time when the denouncing Power is involved
in a conflict shall not take effect until peace has been concluded, and
until after operations connected with the release and repatriation of the
persons protected by the present Convention have been terminated.

The denunciation shall have effect only in respect of the denouncing Power.
It shall in no way impair the obligations which the Parties to the conflict
shall remain bound to fulfil by virtue of the principles of the law of
nations, as they result from the usages established among civilized peoples,
from the laws of humanity and the dictates of the public conscience.

Article 143

The Swiss Federal Council shall register the present Convention with the
Secretariat of the United Nations. The Swiss Federal Council shall also
inform the Secretariat of the United Nations of all ratifications,
accessions and denunciations received by it with respect to the present
Convention.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, having deposited their respective full
powers, have signed the present Convention.

DONE at Geneva this twelfth day of August 1949, in the English and French
languages. The original shall be deposited in the Archives of the Swiss
Confederation. The Swiss Federal Council shall transmit certified copies
thereof to each of the signatory and acceding States.

ANNEX I


Model agreement concerning direct repatriation and accommodation in neutral
countries
of wounded and sick prisoners of war

(see Article 110)


I.-PRINCIPLES FOR DIRECT REPATRIATION
AND ACCOMMODATION IN NEUTRAL COUNTRIES



A. DIRECT REPATRIATION

The following shall be repatriated direct:


1.All prisoners of war suffering from the following disabilities as the
result of trauma: loss of limb, paralysis, articular or other disabilities,
when this disability is at least the loss of a hand or a foot, or the
equivalent of the loss of a hand or a foot.


Without prejudice to a more generous interpretation, the following shall be
considered as equivalent to the loss of a hand or a foot:


  (a) Loss of a hand or of all the fingers, or of the thumb and forefinger
of one hand; loss of a foot, or of all the toes and metatarsals of one foot.
  (b) Ankylosis, loss of osseous tissue, cicatricial contracture preventing
the functioning of one of the large articulations or of all the digital
joints of one hand.

  (c) Pseudarthrosis of the long bones.

  (d) Deformities due to fracture or other injury which seriously interfere
with function and weight-bearing power.

2. All wounded prisoners of war whose condition has become chronic, to the
extent that prognosis appears to exclude recovery-in spite of
treatment-within one year from the date of the injury, as. for example, in
case of:
  (a) Projectile in the heart. even if the Mixed Medical Commission should
fail, at the time of their examination, to detect any serious disorders.
  (b) Metallic splinter in the brain or the lungs, even if the Mixed Medical
Commission cannot, at the time of examination, detect any local or general
reaction.
  (c)Osteomyelitis, when recovery cannot be foreseen in the course of the
year following the injury, and which seems likely to result in ankylosis of
a joint, or other impairments equivalent to the loss of a hand or a foot.

  (d) Perforating and suppurating injury to the large joints.

  (e) Injury to the skull, with loss or shifting of bony tissue.

  (f) Injury or burning of the face with loss of tissue and functional
lesions.

  (g) Injury to the spinal cord.

  (h) Lesion of the peripheral nerves, the sequelae of which are equivalent
to the loss of ahand or foot, and the cure of which requires more than a
year from the date of injury, for example: injury to the brachial or
lumbosacral plexus, the median or sciatic nerves, likewise combined injury
to the radial and cubital nerves or to the lateral popliteal nerve (N.
peroneus communes) and medial popliteal nerve (N. tibialis); etc. The
separate injury of the 'radial (musculo-spiral), cubital. lateral or medial
popliteal nerves shall not, however, warrant repatriation except in case of
contractures or of serious neurotrophic disturbance.

  (i) Injury to the urinary system, with incapacitating results.

3. All sick prisoners of war whose condition has become chronic to the
extent that prognosis seems to exclude recovery-in spite of treatment-within
one year from the inception of the disease, as, for example, in case of:
  (a) Progressive tuberculosis of any organ which, according to medical
prognosis, cannot be cured, or at least considerably improved, by treatment
in a neutral country.
  (b) Exudate pleurisy.

  (c) Serious diseases of the respiratory organs of non-tubercular etiology,
presumed incurable. for example: serious pulmonary emphysema, with or
without bronchitis, chronic asthma:* chronic bronchitis* lasting more than
one year in captivity; bronchiectasis,* etc.

  (d) Serious chronic affections of the circulatory system, for example:
valvular lesions and myocarditis* which have shown signs of circulatory
failure during captivity, even though the Mixed Medical Commission cannot
detect any such signs at the time of examination; affections of the
pericardium and the vessels (Buerger's disease, aneurism of the large
vessels); etc.

  (e) Serious chronic affections of the digestive organs, for example:
gastric or duodenal ulcer-, sequelae of gastric operations performed in
captivity; chronic gastritis, enteritis or colitis, having lasted more than
one year and seriously affecting the general condition: cirrhosis of the
liver, chronic cholecystopathy;* etc.

  (f) Serious chronic affections of the genito-urinary organs, for example:
chronic diseases of the kidney with consequent disorders; nephrectomy
because of a tubercular kidney; chronic pyelitis or chronic cystitis:
hydronephrosis or pyonephrosis; chronic grave gynaecological conditions-,
normal pregnancy, and obstetrical disorder, where it is impossible to
accommodate in a neutral country; etc.

  (g) Serious chronic diseases of the central and peripheral nervous system,
for example: all obvious psychoses and psychoneuroses, such as serious
hysteria, serious captivity psychoneurosis, etc., duly verified by a
specialist;* any epilepsy duly vcrified by the camp physicians.' cerebral
arteriosclerosis- chronic neuritis lasting more than one year. etc.
  (h) Serious chronic disease of the neuro-vegetative system, with
considerable diminution of mental or physical fitness. noticeable loss of
weight and general asthenia.

  (i) Blindness of both eyes, or of one eve when the vision of the other is
less than I in spite of the use of corrective glasses; diminution of visual
acuity in cases where it is impossible to restore it by correction to an
acuity of 1/2 in at least one eye;* other grave ocular affections, for
example: glaucoma, iritis, choroiditis; trachoma, etc.

  (k) Auditive disorders, such as total unilateral deafness, if the other
car does not discern the ordinary spoken word at a distance of one metre;*
etc.

  (l) Serious affections of metabolism, for example: diabetes mellitus
requiring insulin treatment; etc.

  (m) Serious disorders of the endocrine glands, for example:
thyrotoxicosis; hypothyrosis; Addison's disease; Simmonds' cachexia; tetany;
etc.

  (n) Grave and chronic disorders of the blood-forming organs.

  (o) Serious cases of chronic intoxication, for example: lead poisoning,
mercury poisoing, morphinism. cocainism, alcoholism; gas or radiation
poisoning; etc.

  (p) Chronic affections of locomotion, with obvious functional disorders,
for example: arthritis deformans, primary and secondary progressive chronic
polyarthritis; rheumatism with serious clinical symptoms; etc.

  (q) Serious chronic skin diseases. not amenable to treatment.

  (r) Any malignant growth.

  (s) Serious chronic infectious diseases, persisting for one year after
their inception, for example: malaria with decided organic impairment,
amoebic or bacillary dysentery with grave disorders; tertiary visceral
syphilis resistant to treatment; leprosy; etc.

  (t) Serious avitaminosis or serious inanition.

__________
*The decision of the Mixed Medical Commission shall be based to a great
extent on the records kept by camp physicians and surgeons of the same
nationality as the prisoners of war, or on an examination by medical
specialists of the Detaining Power.

B. ACCOMMODATION IN NEUTRAL COUNTRIES








The following shall be eligible for accommodation in a neutral country:


1. All wounded prisoners of war who are not likely to recover in captivity,
but who might be cured or whose condition might be considerably improved by
accommodation in a neutral country.


2. Prisoners of war suffering from any form of tuberculosis, of whatever
organ, and whose treatment in a neutral country would be likely to lead to
recovery or at least to considerable improvement, with the exception of
primary tuberculosis cured before captivity.


3. Prisoners of war suffering from affections requiring treatment of the
respiratory, circulatory, digestive, nervous, sensory, genito-urinary,
cutaneous. locomotive organs, etc., if such treatment would clearly have
better results in a neutral country than in captivity.


4. Prisoners of war who have undergone a nephrectomy in captivity for a
nontubercular renal affection; cases of osteomyelitis, on the way to
recovery or latent; diabetes mellitus not requiring insulin treatment; etc.


5. Prisoners of war suffering from war or captivity neuroses.

Cases of captivity neurosis which are not cured after three months of
accommodation in a neutral country, or which after that length of time are
not clearly on the way to complete cure, shall be repatriated.


6. All prisoners of war suffering from chronic intoxication (gases, metals,
alkaloids, etc.), for whom the prospects of cure in a neutral country are
especially favourable.


7. All women prisoners of war who are pregnant or mothers with infants and
small children.


The following cases shall not be eligible for accommodation in a neutral
country:

1. All duly verified chronic psychoses.


2. All organic or functional nervous affections considered to be incurable.


3. All contagious diseases during the period in which they are
transmissible, with the exception of tuberculosis.





II. GENERAL OBSERVATIONS








1. The conditions given shall, in a general way, be interpreted and applied
in as broad a spirit as possible.

Neuropathic and psychopathic conditions caused by war or captivity, as well
as cases of tuberculosis in all stages, shall above all benefit by such
liberal interpretation. Prisoners of war Who have sustained several wounds,
none of which, considered by itself, justifies repatriation, shall be
examined in the same spirit, with due regard for the psychic traumatism due
to the number of their wounds.


2. All unquestionable cases giving the right to direct repatriation
(amputation, total blindness or deafness. open pulmonary tuberculosis,
mental disorder. malignant growth, etc.)shall be examined and repatriated as
soon as possible by the camp physicians or by military medical commissions
appointed by the Detaining Power.


3. Injuries and diseases which existed before the war and which have not
become worse. as well as war injuries which have not prevented subsequent
military service, shall not entitle to direct repatriation.


4. The provisions of this Annex shall be interpreted and applied in a
similar manner in all countries party to the conflict. The Powers and
authorities concerned shall grant to Mixed Medical Commissions all the
facilities necessary for the accomplishment of their task.


5. The examples quoted under (1) above represent only typical cases. Cases
which do not correspond exactly to these provisions shall be judged in the
spirit of the provisions of Article I 10 of the present Convention, and of
the principles embodied in the present Agreement.





ANNEX II

Regulations concerning Mixed Medical Commissions
(see Article 112)

Article 1


The Mixed Medical Commissions provided for in Article 112 of the Convention
shall be composed of three members, two of whom shall belong to a neutral
country. the third being appointed by the Detaining Power. One of the
neutral members shall take the chair.


Article 2


The two neutral members shall be appointed by the International Committee of
the Red Cross, acting in agreement with the Protecting Power, at the request
of the Detaining Power. They may be domiciled either in their country of
origin, in any other neutral country, or in the territory of the Detaining
Power.

Article 3


The neutral members shall be approved by the Parties to the conflict
concerned, who notify their approval to the International Committee of the
Red Cross and to the Protecting Power. Upon such notification, the neutral
members shall be considered as effectively appointed.


Article 4


Deputy members shall also be appointed in sufficient number to replace the
regular members in case of need. They shall be appointed at the same time as
the regular members or, at least, as soon as possible.


Article 5


If for any reason the International Committee of the Red Cross cannot
arrange for the appointment of the neutral members, this shall be done by
the Power protecting the interests of the prisoners of war to be examined.


Article 6


So far as possible, one of the two neutral members shall be a surgeon and
the other a physician.


Article 7


The neutral members shall be entirely independent of the Parties to the
conflict, which shall grant them all facilities in the accomplishment of
their duties.


Article 8


By agreement with the Detaining Power, the International Committee of the
Red Cross, when making the appointments provided for in Articles 2 and 4 of
the present Regulations, shall settle the terms of service of the nominees.


Article 9


The Mixed Medical Commissions shall begin their work as soon as possible
after the neutral members have been approved, and in any case within a
period of three months from the date of such approval.


Article 10


The Mixed Medical Commissions shall examine all the prisoners designated in
Article 113 of the Convention. They shall propose repatriation, rejection,
or reference to a later examination. Their decisions shall be made by a
majority vote.


Article 11


The decisions made by the Mixed Medical Commissions in each specific case
shall be communicated, during the month following their visit, to the
Detaining Power, the Protecting Power and the International Committee of the
Red Cross. The Mixed Medical Commissions shall also inform each prisoner of
war examined of the decision made, and shall issue to those whose
repatriation has been proposed, certificates similar to the model appended
to the present Convention.


Article 12


The Detaining Power shall be required to carry out the decisions of the
Mixed Medical Commissions within three months of the time when it receives
due notification of such decisions.


Article 13


If there is no neutral physician in a country where the services of a Mixed
Medical Commission seem to be required, and if it is for any reason
impossible to appoint neutral doctors who are resident in another country,
the Detaining Power, acting in agreement with the Protecting Power, shall
set up a Medical Commission which shall undertake the same duties as a Mixed
Medical Commission, subject to the provisions of Articles 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and
8 of the Present Regulations.


Article 14


Mixed Medical Commissions shall function permanently and shall visit each
camp at intervals of not more than six months.





ANNEX III

Regulations concerning collective relief
(see Article 73)

Article 1

Prisoners' representatives shall be allowed to distribute collective relief
shipments for which they are sible, to all prisoners of war administered by
their camp, including those who am in hospitals or in prisons or other penal
establishments.


Article 2


The distribution of collective relief shipments shall be effected in
accordance with the instructions of the donors and with a plan drawn up by
the prisoners' representatives. 'Me issue of medical stores shall. however,
be made for preference in agreement with the senior medical officers, and
the latter may. in hospitals and infirmaries, waive the said instructions,
if the needs of their patients so demand. Within the limits thus defined,
the distribution shall always be carried out equitably.


Article 3


The said prisoners' representatives or their assistants shall be allowed to
go to the points of arrival of relief supplies near their camps. so as to
enable the prisoners' representatives or their assistants to verify the
quality as well as the quantity of the goods received, and to make out
detailed reports thereon for the donors.


Article 4


Prisoners' representatives shall be given the facilities necessary for
verifying whether the distribution of collective relief in all sub-divisions
and annexes of their camps has been carried out in accordance with their
instructions.


Article 5


Prisoners' representatives shall be allowed to fill up, and cause to be
filled up by the prisoners' representatives of labour detachments or by the
senior medical officers of infirmaries and hospitals, forms or
questionnaires intended for the donors, relating to collective relief
supplies (distribution. requirements, quantities, etc.). Such forms and
questionnaires, duly completed, shall be forwarded to the donors without
delay.


Article 6


In order to secure the regular issue of collective relief to the prisoners
of war in their camp. and to meet any needs that may arise from the arrival
of new contingents of prisoners, prisoners' representatives shall be allowed
to build up and maintain adequate reserve stocks of collective relief. For
this purpose, they shall have suitable warehouses at their disposal; each
warehouse shall be provided with two locks, the prisoners' representative
holding the keys of one lock and the camp commander the keys of the other.


Article 7


When collective consignments of clothing am available each prisoner of war
shall retain in his possession at least one complete set of clothes. If a
prisoner has more than one set of clothes, the prisoners' representative
shall be permitted to withdraw excess clothing from those with the largest
number of sets, or particular articles in excess of one, if this is
necessary in order to supply prisoners who are less well provided. He shall
not, however, withdraw second sets of underclothing, socks or footwear,
unless this is the only means of providing for prisoners of war with none.


Article 8


The High Contracting Parties, and the Detaining Powers in particular, shall
authorize, as far as possible and subject to the regulations governing the
supply of the population, all purchases of goods made in their territories
for the distribution of collective relief to prisoners of war. They shall
similarly facilitate the transfer of funds and other financial measures of a
technical or administrative nature taken for the purpose of making such
purchases.


Article 9


The foregoing provisions shall not constitute an obstacle to the right of
prisoners of war to receive collective relief before their arrival in a camp
or in the course of transfer, nor to the possibility of representatives of
the Protecting Power, the International Committee of the Red Cross, or any
other body giving assistance to prisoners which may be responsible for the
forwarding of such supplies, ensuring the distribution thereof to the
addressees by any other means that they may deem useful.





ANNEX IV.

A. IDENTITYCARD
(see Article 4)

[...]

B. CAPTURE CARD
(see Article 70)

[...]

C. CORRESPONDENCE CARD AND LETTER
(see Article 71)

[...]

D. NOTIFICATION OF DEATH
(see Article 120)

[...]

E. REPATRIATION CERTIFICATE
(see Annex II, Article 11)

REPATRIATION CERTIFICATE

Date:

Camp:

Hospital:

Surname:

First names:

Date of birth:

Rank:

Army number:

P. W. number:

Injury-Disease:

Decision of the Commission:

                  Chairman of the
                  Mixed Medical Commission:
A= direct repatriation
B= accommodation in a neutral country
NC= re-examination by next Commission
ANNEX V
Model regulations concerning payments sent by prisoners to their own country
1. The notification referred to in the third paragraph of Article 63 will
show:
(a) Number as specified in Article 17, rank, surname and first names of the
prisoner of war who is the payer;
(b) The name and address of the payee in the country of origin;
(c) The amount to be so paid in the currency of the country in which he is
detained.
2. The notification will be signed by the prisoner of war, or his witnessed
mark made upon if it he cannot write, and shall be countersigned by the
prisoners' representative.
3. The camp commander will add to this notification a certiciate that the
prisoner of war concerned has a credit balance of not less than the amount
registered as payable.
4. The notification may be made up in lists, each sheet of such lists
witnessed by the prisoners' representative and certified by the camp
commander.






