From -5501996989037763077
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d0dc51a43f8bd081,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed.news.qwest.net!news.uswest.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Dev Chat log for Tuesday, August 24th
From: Sean Kennedy <x@y.z>
Message-ID: <Xns9550376D3F6D1xyz@207.225.159.6>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 354
Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 12:26:56 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.161.89.4
X-Trace: news.uswest.net 1093436816 216.161.89.4 (Wed, 25 Aug 2004 07:26:56 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 07:26:56 CDT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14580

Originally Posted on Stratics...
=======================================
<Brannoc> Welcome to another great House of Commons chat with the 
developers of Everquest! The topic will be Omens of War so please try to 
ask questions around it.

<Brannoc> Please send said questions to [QT]Brekkee or [QT]Gowel or [QT]
PhroG - to do so type /query NICK and type in the window that pops up. 
Questions sent to myself or the developers will NOT make it into the 
lineup, so don't bother. Full logs of the chat will be up on 
http://eq.stratics.com shortly after the chat.

<Brannoc> So without further ado we'll start with a brief introduction 
from the developers, now would be a good time to send those questions.

<Rytan> Hi everyone, I'm Ryan Barker a senior game designer on EverQuest

<Rashere> Hey everyone. I'm Travis McGeathy, one of the game designers 
on EverQuest.

<Brenlo> Howdy, I am ALan Crosby also known as Brenlo

<Brenlo> and sometimes I go by Hey you

<Brannoc> *Melisande_Luclin* Are there things in OoW that will be for 
all levels other than the Task System?

<Brenlo> good question

<Brenlo> Rytan is thinking up an answer

<Rytan> The task system is the only content of the expansion that�s 
geared towards �ALL� levels but it�s very far reaching. The system has a 
lot of content that causal players are going to be able to enjoy at all 
levels.

<Brenlo> His keyboard is on fire

<Rytan> The new zones for the expansion are geared for levels 45-70 and 
generally accessible to all players. There�s only one keyed zone in the 
expansion. It�s a lot like Velious in that regard.

<Brannoc> *Subu* What are the plans for continued development of 
Everquest after OoW is released or will there be a major push for 
Everquest 2?

<Brenlo> We have already planned out the next 18 months of EQ 
development and have lots planned for the future. EQ and EQ2 will run 
concurrently and there are no plans to make anyone switch games. We want 
you to continue to enjoy EQ for years to come.

<Brannoc> (Please remember to focus your questions to the Omens of War 
expansion when sending to our QT's!)

<Brannoc> *Pumra* will a level 1 be able to use the task system?

<Rytan> You actually do have to be at least level 3 to get a task, but 
with the new tutorial you�re probably going to be level 5 before you 
even get out of the tutorial. So it�s really available to everyone 
almost immediately.

<Brannoc> *Fanon_EMarr* Will we continue to see rune-style spell turn-
ins in OoW or will there be a return to the actual dropped spells? In 
addition, will any spells besides transit-relate be available from 
vendors at release?

<Rytan> The spell acquisition system for Omens is going to be a lot like 
the PoP system, except that you�ll get a different rune for each level 
set, and you won�t get repeats of the same spell when you turn them in. 
We don�t plan on having any non-travel spells on vendors at release.

<Brannoc> *Bigfan* Once OoW goes live, where should I go, or what should 
I do first?

<Brenlo> Where should you go? Whereever you want =) Provided you are of 
appropriate level. You could start on your epic 2. Do some tasks. Try 
some of the new tradeskill recipes or start working on the new AAs or 
levels. Personally, I will be doing a few tasks.

<Brannoc> *Grizumpy* In OoW is there going to be a wider variety of 
augments, for some focii that were left out of God, Currently there are 
only a few items that "Extend Dot Duration" and they are all in Planes 
of Power, Will OoW look to address the lack of certain focus/augs in 
GoD?

<Rytan> Augments as well as traditional gear will have the foci 
available on a number of new pieces of equipment. Omens should offer a 
greater variety of items available for any foci that you�re looking for.

<Brannoc> *Auricula* Will OoW have content soloable to level 70 for 
casual players who are not elemental-equipped. Will there be soloable 
instanced zones?

<Brenlo> We will not be adding any solo instanced features at this time. 
It is something that we are exploring but would take a tremendous amount 
of work and is not something we could do rapidly.

<Brannoc> *MrGnomer* How tough will Magi pets be compared to now and how 
will current focus work on them?

<Rytan> Mage pets are getting a solid boost from 66-70. There�s several 
mages in beta that are from the mage�s tower that have been working with 
me to help tune the pets for omens. This is also true of the 
necromancer, beastlord, shadowknight, shaman, and enchanter pets. 
Current foci will continue to work on the new pets.

<Brannoc> *Darcreaper_7th* how does the tasks work and what do you get 
out of it once finished a task

<Brenlo>Tasks put together a few elements that may require you to kill 
something, explore an area, or hail a certain NPC. Each time you will 
have a change of getting one of 3500 different tasks that result in an 
xp reward and perhaps some cash.

<Brannoc> *Guest36* How much did input from the players factor in to the 
content of OOW (AA's, zones, ect.)

<Rashere> Player input plays an important role in the design of any 
expansion. For Omens of War in particular, the feedback we received from 
players during previous expansions played a large role in the overall 
design of the expansion.

<Rytan> The players in beta and on test are one of our most valuable 
resources when creating and tuning content.

<Rytan> we've got lots of players that we're constantly talking to in 
regard to all aspects of the game.

<Brenlo>In fact, after gathering your feedback the team took many of the 
designs back to the drawing board and reworked much of the expansion. 
All thanks to you and your input.

<Brannoc> *SDKSnowboy* Several rumors have been afloat as to leveling 
from 65 to 70. Will advancing to level 70 be based purely off of 
standard XPing, and will there be any Requirements, AA or otherwise, to 
achieve levels.

<Rytan> Leveling from 65-70 will be exactly like leveling from 60-65. 
Traditional experience filling that little yellow and blue bar that you 
all know and love.

<Brannoc> *zabab* Are you going to give ranger mgb AA?

<Rashere> There are no plans at the moment to add Mass Group Buff to the 
Ranger AA list.

<Brenlo> Sorry Rangers

<Brannoc> *Sobewiz* will OOW offer "piggy back" into zones that some 
members or recruits may not be flagged for, much like the Elemental 
Planes ?

<Rytan> Yes there�s plans to allow recruits to be added more easily to 
the locked zone in Omens. I don�t want to go into detail as it�s not 
finalized yet, but it should be big improvement over what you had to do 
in the past to backflag players in PoP and Gates.

<Brannoc> *Give_monks_more* The cost of aa's in oow... will they be like 
PoP or GoD in terms of pricing? Most ppl consider GoD aa's overpriced, 
and will there be any refund of GoD over priced aa's?

<Rashere> The cost of AAs in Omens of War is not fixed at the moment, 
but I�m expecting them to be priced below the level of Gates AAs. I�ll 
be taking a look at the cost of Gates AAs in the near future and may 
make adjustments

<Brannoc> *LoD_Tsar* How much of Omens content will be instanced?

<Rytan> There�s instanced areas for each of the appropriate level ranges 
that Omens is set up to support for experience group content in addition 
to several static zones. There�s also a portion of the raid content 
that�s instanced as well, along with several static events/raids as 
well. Really it�s a mix of both types.

<Brenlo> Oh and Yes Rashere knows Rangers have MGB. It was his attempt 
at humor. . . =P

<Rashere>shoulda added a smiley 

<Brannoc> *Bahlec* what will the max ft that a char can aquire be?

<Rashere> The maximum level of Flowing Thought in Omens is still under 
debate.

<Brannoc> *strumsor* Hello, all the bards in my guild, myself included, 
am curious about the new charms in OOW - they seem very powerful. Could 
you give us a little detail into what the max level for charm is? thanks

<Rytan> The final level limits for charm aren�t finalized yet, so I 
can�t tell you what they�ll be at release. They are in review and you 
can expect to see adjustments to those spells as beta progresses.

<Brannoc> *Rykzz* What can we expect in OoW for the casual gamer who 
might not be even close to maxing out his avatar?

<Brenlo> Casual gamers will get lots of benefits from the task system. 
However the content is also very open and available for levels 45 and 
up. So there will be lots of room for pick up groups and xp groups 
without the need to raid. Only one zone in the expansion even requires a 
flag, so head on over and enjoy the new content, new items and new AAs.

<Brannoc> *Nerfme* Are level 51 to 65 tasks going to be in game on 
release?

<Brenlo>We plan to at the moment but things can change. Watch for any 
announcements as we get closer to launch.

<Brannoc> *Wemerwena-Quell* based on the negative feedback in the 
EQforums on everquestlive, will the devs change the class AA's before 
OOW goes live?

<Rashere> The AA list on beta currently is a preliminary list that will 
be tweaked and tuned throughout the beta testing period.

<Rytan>Again there's a lot of feedback coming from prominent members of 
the player community that are influencing our decisions as beta 
progresses.

<Rytan> we're definitely not trying to make this expansion in a vacuum

<Brenlo> We also need to evaluate what is best for the game and all 
classes and not just one class. We do value your feedback on the AAs 
though and encourage you to continue to submit it. In a constructive 
manner please. =)

<Brannoc> *Guest80* Will there be any high level frogs added so us frog 
levelers can keep up the trend in OoW for getting to 70?

<Brenlo> Well, we really would like you to go out and see more of the 
world than just the Froggie areas. Besides, you must be tired of frog 
legs by now.

<Rytan> I play a froglock! >

<Brenlo> He has warts and everything

<Brannoc> *tearabite* Will tasks be only part of OoW. Or will the tasks 
require you to adventure all over Norrath?

<Rytan> The task system will involved zones all across Norrath. It 
should give you some new reasons to visit those old zones that you might 
have been to in a long time.

<Brannoc> *Saree3* How did you choose the name "Omens of war"? Previous 
expnasions carried the name of the continent mainly like Velious, Kunark 
& Luclin.

<Brenlo> Well we wanted to sort of take a new direction with the naming 
conventions. We think you will like the new approach. . .

<Brannoc> *Computer* How will the new bind/gate system work. It looks 
like there will be new secondary bind points for casters and melee will 
be able to gate. Is this correct?

<Rashere> The Secondary Recall AA will recall the player to a point that 
is set by use of an item called a Stone of Marking. The stone has the 
same limitations as normal bind affinity.

<Rashere> In addition, a general AA will allow any class to recall back 
to a friendly city. That point cannot be changed.

<Brannoc> *locvz* Can we expect to see more zones similar to Kod`Taz in 
terms of loot, tradeskills, augments and experience in Omens of War? If 
so, will it (or they) be locked? How many locked zones are planned for 
Omens of War?

<Brenlo> There will be only 1 zone that requires a flag. Only 1. The 
rest of the zones will be open and populated with all kinds of fun 
monsters with great items.

<Brannoc> *Garbar* Will we be able to BIND in OOW ? not being able to 
bind anywhere in GOD is a real pain, and everyone i play with dislikes 
it

<Rytan> Bindable locations will be less restrictive then they were in 
Gates. You won�t be able to bind everywhere, but there will be a few 
locations that you can bind in.

<Brannoc> *ramsly* hello  how will the epics compare to each other in 
the upcomming expantion and will the solo epic be worth the effort to 
get?

<Brenlo> We have laid out templates for each epic quest to make sure 
that each is comparable. No one class will have it easier than another. 
The epics will also be just as valued from class to class for their 
stats. I am not sure what you mean by solo epic. If you mean the epic 
1.5 then yes it will be worth getting and will be a natural part of the 
quest progression.

<Brannoc> *Naika* reguarding epic 2.0....will epic 1.0 be required in 
order to move on to 2.0? thanks 8)

<Rashere> The original epics are not required in order to do the quests 
for the new ones, but possessing one of the original epics will allow 
you to skip some of the earlier steps.

<Brannoc> *Jolo* what level and class characters do the developers of 
Omens play?

<Brenlo> We all play different classes and levels. I, for expample, have 
a high level Magician, while Rytan has a Bard, Monk and Shaman. Rashere 
plays with his foot hair.

<Rashere>My erudite finds your halfling ways disturbing.

<Brannoc> *Sylvene* What are your favorite pizzas? Anyone do anchovies? 

<Brenlo> I do not do anchovies. I like those new BBQ pizzas.

<Rashere> Why destroy such a wonderful creation by adding little fish?

<Rytan> Peperoni Mushroom for the win!

<Brannoc> For our final question of the night: *Sole9042* The new 
graphics in OoW look great! Will the new graphics effect anything other 
than the new content added?

<Brenlo> Well not yet is the short answer. Everything we build from now 
on will look that good or better. We are trying to figure out how to 
best get all of the other zones and monsters done. When we do, they 
would not be part of an expansion and would be available to all EQ 
players.

<Brannoc>(Ok I lied) *naiche* will there be new visible titles before 
your name associated with OoW AA gain?

<Rytan> We're working on plans to retrofit the old world areas with the 
new style art as time allows.

<Rytan> that was for the one above BTW >

<Rashere> Omens of War introduces a new feature that allows characters 
to earn titles through various means and then choose which one they wish 
to display at any time.

<Brannoc> And that's it for this one! Thanks for coming everyone, and be 
sure to join us next time around. If you didn't get your question in, 
try next time! The logs will be up on http://eq.stratics.com shortly.

<Brenlo> Thanks all for coming and chatting with us. Thanks to Stratics 
and their team for setting this up.

<Brenlo> Special thanks to Sylvene for her wit and charm =)

<Rytan> thanks for coming everyone!


-- 
Arch Convoker Mairelon Snapbang
Feral Lord Bosra Snowclaw
  Vacationing in the south of Faydwer
  for the forseeable future.

an Laoch,  8th Level Tanker


