From -5909452807892848587
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bb3f809a32012446,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-05 09:34:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@NOSPAM.cox.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Boston Globe, 8/5/2002:  Outside the box
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@NOSPAM.cox.net
Message-ID: <qdatku0ajf0p00l6542oh8fmc127emadqj@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Lines: 270
Date: Mon, 05 Aug 2002 16:34:15 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.6.221.195
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1028565255 68.6.221.195 (Mon, 05 Aug 2002 12:34:15 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 05 Aug 2002 12:34:15 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:220102

Found at:

http://www.boston.com/dailyglobe2/217/business/Outside_the_box+.shtml

===================

Outside the box 
Gaming has gone 'pervasive,' from PCs to cellphones. And hundreds of
thousands can play

By D.C. Denison, Globe Staff, 8/5/2002 

They are games that can not be captured in any of the traditional
video game platforms. One will transport you to an online world
occupied by a universe of nearly half a million players. The other is
designed to function on a tiny mobile phone screen and eat up a few
minutes in a waiting room or an airport lounge. 

Yet although ''EverQuest'' and ''Gladiator II'' are outside the
boundaries that define the mainstream electronic gaming units like
XBox, PlayStation II and Nintendo GameCube, they are not fringe. In
fact, the two games are part of genres ''massively multiplayer online
games'' and ''wireless gaming'' that are among the hottest areas in
electronic gaming. And some in the gaming industry believe that these
two genres are helping to define an entirely new gaming approach that
is being referred to as ''pervasive gaming.'' 

The massively multiplayer EverQuest is a CD-based game for the PC that
launches you into a Dungeons & Dragons-style fantasy landscape
populated by wizards, gnomes and vixens. To play, you install a
program on your Internet-connected PC and log into the huge server
farm on the West Coast. More than 430,000 people currently subscribe
to the game, says its creator, Sony Online Entertainment, which claims
it is ''the largest fantasy world ever created online.'' During the
last weekend in July, over 100,000 people logged on to the game at
some point. 

More than 40 percent of EverQuest users play 20 to 40 hours a week,
and 65 percent of EverQuest players log on every day, Sony says. The
game is so addictive, some players refer to it as ''EverCrack.'' 

But numbers and the technology aren't what has attracted the attention
of the giant video game industry. The game, which was launched without
much fanfare in March 1999 by Sony Online Entertainment, has something
many in the online world can only fantasize about: a business model
and a solid revenue stream. 

Players not only pay for the initial CD package (usually around
$29.99), but they also pay a monthly subscription fee of $9.89. The
game also publishes regular ''expansion worlds.'' Last December, just
in time for Christmas, EverQuest released its third expansion world,
''Shadows of Luclin,'' priced at $29.99. It sold more than 140,000
units the first day - to customers who had already bought the original
''full'' version, and who were already paying $9.89 a month. 

This success has not gone unnoticed, which is why the latest versions
of all the major game consoles have Internet ports, and why virtually
all the major video gaming powers are planning to release ''massively
multiplayer online games.'' 

An upcoming version of EverQuest for the Sony PlayStation 2 will be
the first massively multiplayer title for a console game; Sony Online
Entertainment is also working on Star Wars Galaxies, a massively
multiplayer game based on the film series. This fall, the world's most
popular computer game, the Sims, will sprout a ''Sims Online''
version, where individual players can log on and loose their virtual
creations on the Internet, to interact with simulated characters all
over the world. 

''The massively multiplayer games are influential because they are
making cash,'' said Paul-Jon McNealy, senior analyst at research firm
GartnerG2. ''They have been highly successful with a hard-core
audience. ... The video game companies would love to attract the kind
of subscription audience that EverQuest gets.'' 

McNealy and others in the video game industry will be closely watching
the upcoming releases of Star Wars Galaxies and Sims Online to see if
they effective expand the multiplayer audience. 

''Sims Online will be particularly interesting because it could
attract entirely different demographic groups, including women,''
McNealy said. 

The PlayStation version of EverQuest could also potentially expand the
console fare beyond the traditional fast-twitch, action shoot-'em-up
games that dominates the genre. In so doing, it could also broaden the
audience. 

The promise of a huge revenue-generating audience is also driving the
development of wireless, cellphone-based games like Gladiator II, a
rudimentary, almost stick figure-like game that allows cellphone users
to compete in one-to-one combat with other cellphone users around the
world. 

Certainly mobile phones have sported rudimentary puzzle-oriented games
for years, most of them pre-installed on the units. And the raging
popularity of cellphone-based games in Japan has always been a beacon
for US carriers and game designers, although technical and business
barriers, including the lack of a single US wireless standard, have
always reined in the potential of the genre. 

But now a number of factors are driving the development of much more
ambitious offerings that feature more elaborate graphics and expanded
network capabilities. 

Verizon Wireless recently kicked off a ''soft launch'' of an entirely
new suite of cellphone games based on a new technology called BREW
(Binary Runtime Environment for Wireless) developed by Qualcomm.
Verizon's cellphone games, which will be unveiled with an advertising
campaign in September, include a wide variety of arcade-style
offerings including Tiger Woods PGA Tour Golf. 

In a few weeks, SprintPCS will be officially unveiling its
''next-generation'' games based on the much-anticipated 3G network.
Sprint's games use J2ME, a Java-based technology from Sun Microsystems
that competes with BREW, which will offer mobile gamers an opportunity
for head-to-head comparisons. 

A new generation of cellphones with enhanced color-display properties
is also poised to push mobile gaming to the next level. No wonder the
most recent issue of MIT's Technology Review claimed that ''cellphones
and other wireless handheld devices are the hottest electronic
playspace around.'' 

''The wireless carriers and the game companies are all hip to wireless
gaming now,'' said David Kushner, the New York-based journalist who
wrote the Technology Review story. ''It comes down to the fact that
cellphones are already a built-in platform. So many people now have
wireless phones, and everybody has at least five minutes of time to
kill.'' 

The cellphone crowd is also a new audience for electronic game
companies. ''These are people who are not ordinarily reached by the
traditional electronic games,'' Kushner said. ''The cellphone audience
does not consider themselves `gamers.''' 

Dana Thorat, a research analyst who covers the wireless and mobile
industry for Framingham-based IDC, just completed a ''forecast and
analysis'' report on US wireless gaming. Her research convinced her
that mobile gaming is on the cusp of a development spurt. 

''The carriers are very excited about wireless games,'' she said,
adding that many in the industry are hoping games will help expand the
typical users' perception of a cellphone from primarily a
voice-oriented unit to more of a voice/ 

data device. 

Competition between wireless carriers will also likely drive online
gaming, according to Thorat. 

''Carriers are targeting the youth market to increase their subscriber
base,'' she said. ''If someone in that demographic is trying to decide
between two competing services, the game selection might make the
difference. ... Eventually all the carriers will want to have a
complete suite of games: puzzle, casino, action, trivia and so on.'' 

Thorat also expects the carriers to continue to experiment with new
genres of wireless games. As an example, she cites a ''virtual
girlfriend'' game that is now offered by Cingular. 

''You buy her a blouse and you get points, but she also gets more
demanding,'' Thorat said. ''The next time, she wants jewelry.'' 

What Thorat calls ''the handover factor'' may also drive adoption
among parents. 

''Think about a parent waiting for a table at a restaurant with a
child,'' she said. ''With five minutes to kill, they are likely to
hand over the cellphone to the child for a few minutes of distracted
gaming.'' 

Still uncertain, at this stage, is how the wireless services will
charge for these new gaming options. Verizon currently offers a
variety of pricing options for its new games, including 99 cents for
10 uses and $2.99 for a monthly subscription. But pricing plans are
likely to change in response to customer demand. What won't change is
the method of payment: the addition of gaming charges to the existing
monthly bill. That simple, pre-existing billing system is expected to
speed the adoption of cellphone-delivered games. 

The expansion of electronic gaming beyond the three big video game
consoles (PlayStation, XBox, and Nintendo) is also enabling the
development of a broader approach to pervasive gaming. 

One of the first examples of this approach was the release last summer
of ''Majestic,'' an electronic game that spanned a number of platforms
and technologies, including the Internet, instant messaging, e-mail,
voice mail, and fax. Backed by gaming giant Electronic Arts,
''Majestic'' was a subscription product that charged $9.95 a month.
The game, driven by a darkly suspenseful and conspiracy-oriented plot,
was critically well received, but adoption was slowed as many gamers
had trouble dealing with its multiplatform approach. Some clues were
delivered by fax, others via a voice-mail message, still others
through instant messaging dialogues. 

But attempts to refine and streamline the game were interrupted by the
events of Sept. 11, which dramatically reduced the public's appetite
for darkly conspiratorial plotlines. Electronic Arts first suspended
the game, then shut it down for good in April of this year. 

Phone-maker Nokia had more success with the Nokia Game, a real-time
''all-media adventure'' that challenged players to interact via the
Internet, radio, e-mail, telephone, newspapers, and TV. During its
monthlong run, in November 2001, the Nokia Game was played by more
than 600,000 players from 28 countries in Europe and the Middle East. 

GartnerG2's McNealy believes further experimentation with such
pervasive, trans-media games will continue as the major entertainment
studios ''attempt to leverage every platform that's out there.'' 

McNealy imagines one scenario, for example, in which a player
interacts with a PC game at home, and also checks in later for scores,
hints or plot developments via cellphone. 

In the meantime, a Swedish company, It's Alive, is aggressively
pushing the ''pervasive'' approach with a pair of recently launched
games. One, Botfighters, utilizes the capability of mobile phones in
Europe to indicate the geographical location of the user. Botfighter
players use this feature to enable ''virtual paintball,'' where they
use their cellphones to track and ''kill'' opponents against the
backdrop of very real urban locations. Another game, Supafly, is ''a
location-based virtual soap opera'' in which you create a character
that is based in your cellphone and ''follows you around wherever you
go'' as you interact with other players in the real world who are
carrying Supafly characters in their cellphones. 

Botfighter and Supafly also have Web sites where participants build
their characters, discuss strategy with other users, and keep track of
scores The mobile phone, by comparison, functions like a joystick for
the real world. There is no subscription fee; players are charged by
their phone company each time they wirelessly issue a command. 

For Sven Halling, chief executive of It's Alive, the appeal of the
games extends beyond cellphones and Web sites. 

''Pervasive gaming takes the `massively multiplayer' approach to the
real world,'' he said. ''We liked what Majestic did very much, also
EverQuest. ... We're trying to bring EverQuest to the street.'' 

Because Botfighters relies on the location-indicating capability that
has yet to be launched by any US wireless carriers, Halling has been
focused on expanding in Europe, from Sweden to Finland, England and
Ireland. But he has recently signed an agreement for a test with a
wireless carrier in the US that he's not ready to name. Halling is
clearly excited by the possibilities. 

''Botfighters will do well in America because US gamers are more
trigger-happy than Europeans,'' he said. 

But Halling's plans are more ambitious than mere national border
crossings. His vision of pervasive computing aspires to ''redefine
reality'' by crossing the boundaries between the Internet, wireless
services, television, and the final frontier: real cities and towns. 

''When you're using the real world as a playground for your electronic
games, you've sort of come full circle,'' Halling said. ''That's the
ideal. That's pervasive.'' 

D.C. Denison can be reached at denison@globe.com. 


This story ran on page C1 of the Boston Globe on 8/5/2002. 
� Copyright 2002 Globe Newspaper Company. 

====================


http://members.cox.net/batchild1
http://members.cox.net/scorseseinfo


