From -758358749028116030
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1322e89a20349a55,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-05 07:19:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 05 Jan 2004 09:19:13 -0600
Date: Mon, 05 Jan 2004 10:19:12 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: 60 mage spell run down
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <pbWdncK1wtDvHWSiRVn-hQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 265
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.19
X-Trace: sv3-h7waFm1M7jZ+ywfPR3HHrBpNv6d9SXA2Tu3fDwgSNBXnCtE+ddTzZcgVuVbLHqVuWW7jXNZsoouRX4N!y5TsvI7yO535uVYNAgqNsVIauzqirCjA6Xe7pVqjoH5qwwa7LDiBOnUkFjUDH+nOD3zxXAnI2jQ=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14255

Aegis of Ro.  Group DS.  I used to see mages using group DS all the 
time... but when I finally got the first one (at 53), I looked at the 
massive mana cost, most of which is wasted in a good group where only 
the MT is getting hit 90% of the time, and shrugged.

Then I got Cadeau of Flame, which is a bigger DS, single target, and 
never looked back at boon... now I'm supposed to spend more mana to give 
the MT a smaller DS?

Another experiment, I put my best DS on my shaman friend, who was 
recieving hits from one mob while we were fightng another (in Dulak). 
When we finished killing the first mob, the second had taken less than 
5% damage.  This is a marked difference from unslowed mobs, where in the 
span of the same fight the mob would probably be down 25%... and meant I 
stopped using DS entirely with a decent slower operating.

Anyway, looking at this, 33 point DS brings my group DS capability up to 
Cadeau levels.  450 mana to cast, versus 155 for Cadeau.  Now I normally 
cast Cadeau on the MT and my pet, so I have a timer, and also because I 
frequently end up using my pet to off tank things in groups with no 
slower (this means no chanter, after all) so the DS does end up doing 
some damage on occaision.  So thats 310 mana, but thats still a savings 
over 450 mana.  I suspect the only time I'll cast Aegis of Ro is when 
what we really want is the 33 FR off of the spell.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Banishment.  500 mana and a star ruby to have a chance at removing an 
elemental mob from the game.  No exp, no loot, just gone.  Only place 
I've ever seen this used was in POJ trials, and my conclusion there was 
that it took too long to cast and was resisted too often to be a 
reliable tool; yes it was helpful if you got multiple rocks and were 
using a mez plan AND you got lucky and didn't get resists.

In the notes I see comments about it doing 20K damage, 30K damage, even 
45K damage... this would mean it would be interesting used on elemental 
classed mobs who have 100K+ HP; slap in a nuke this massive and -not- 
kill (and so vanish) the target with it.  Course thats got to mean 
instant summon and die, but still...

Another thought is that it might be useful on targets with very heavy 
summoned pets; assuming the pets don't drop anything anyway, why not 
just remove them.

But running my cleric up to 65 and playing around for a while at that 
level, with plenty of mages (and druids) in guild, I don't recall us 
ever using that tactic.  Maybe cause we never got past SSraa/NToV/BOT 
levels.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
GV:Water.  The high 50s version of the Water pet.  I was thrilled when I 
got my low 50s water pet, this is the point where they begin to 
backstab.  And backstabs seemed to add significantly to his damage 
output.  But gradually the thrill wore off.  I was spending a lot of 
time per mob positioning the pet before sending him in; this meant he 
was doing damage for less of the fight, and I was spending less time 
medding or nuking... even on mount it ate med time because moving 
doesn't count as medding.  And normal mob wriggling around meant he was 
still losing lots of backstab opportunities.

I tried getting tanks to waltz the mobs around so as to keep water pet 
in the rear arc... most tanks don't want to bother with this, 
particularly in groups with other melee or worse, other pets; figuring 
out which of the several things hitting the mob is supposed to be in the 
back seems to be a bit much for most MTs.

I also tried positioning the pet on guard and having the MT pull past 
him to the same spot every time.  This was nice... in POJ exit group, 
where we're talking a nice level surface and a nice narrow chute the 
tank is pulling down.  Even there, things would generally wriggle around 
so I'd lose BS time, but at least it was there initially on every pull.

Soloing, the only time he back stabs is when the mob is running away. 
And generally mob running away is very bad news, I tend to fight mobs 
that don't run or rely on earth pet and hope roots stick to prevent running.

With shaman partner, I found it very difficult to keep mob on shaman pet 
instead of my BSing pet.  If shaman tanks then water pet works ok, and 
thats generally true of any melee partner; when its only one tank and 
one pet the partner is a lot more willing and able to work on positioning.

I mostly stuck to air pet, the stuns always help (unless mob is immune) 
and positioning is less critical.  Then I leveled up to the next tier of 
pets and suffered with Earth when I could get away with it, still using 
old air pet when rooting was deemed unacceptable.  So the coming of the 
next air pet at 59 was great news.

Now I have a new water pet at 60.  Does the same melee damage as the GV 
earth and air pets.  Backstab, however, seems to be in line with that of 
my 54 water pet, only if anything he does it less often.  All the usual 
problems with positioning, too... I played with this guy a while and 
then ditched him; maybe he'll see use fear kiting or something.
------------------------------------------------------------------
Maelstrom of Electricity.  675 point per wave rain for 475 mana.  Sounds 
like a great deal, you hit one mob 3 times, or 2 mobs 2 times each. 
Thats 4.26 damage per mana on three waves, 5.68 damage per mana if 
hitting 2 mobs.

Problems:

  Resisted a lot, so you get 1 or 2 waves hitting the target instead of 
3 or 4.  Can also be partially resisted, so waves don't necessarily hit 
for 675 although that seems to happen less often.

Evocation based.  I'm a Conjuration specialized mage, so I'm missing out 
on 7.5% extra efficiency (50 specialize in evoc is 2.5% bonus)

Targets can move out from under rain, again you lose waves.

Since rain is AE, easy to hit targets you didn't want to; mezzed mobs, 
bitten victims, non KOS mobs or...

Rain hits centered on where target is when spell goes off... if mob has 
moved over near me, I hit myself; this both hurts and wastes much of the 
damage output from the rain!

Isn't improved by focus.  I have both improved damage style and burning 
affliction style mage summoned focus items, but with or without them, 
waves do 675 damage.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Mala.  Unresistable mala-x line debuff.  350 mana, reduces all resists 
but disease by 35 points.

The good thing about this spell is that its unresistable.  Its a smaller 
debuff than malosini, but it sticks to anything, every time.  And it can 
be used to land malosini, if larger debuffs are really in order.

Trouble is, its expensive.  If malosini is landing reliably, thats 200 
mana per cast.  And if 35 debuff is all I need (which is often the case) 
  then Malaise will probably do the job, a 20 debuff for 60 mana.  I 
have to admit I moved to Malosini due to the fast recast time, and I'm 
wavering about moving up to Mala because always sticking is a very good 
thing... but 350 mana is a lot to be spending on something that doesn't 
actually do damage or have any direct effect on the target.

Odd thing I noted, Mala seemed to wear off quickly.  Castersrealm lists 
it as a 13 minute+ duration, but I was seeing it go in 30 seconds.  Its 
possible that this was happening because I was grouped with a mage who 
was casting Malosini or something and overwriting it... I didn't think 
about that till later, because I hadn't read the stats, just assumed its 
duration was terrible.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Monster Summoning III.  I'm very glad to have this spell again, part of 
the fun of being a mage is the funny pets you can summon.  And they tend 
to do same damage as other pets their level, but not cast anything, 
which means they spend more time meleeing, and they have the HP of an 
earth pet their level, without the often despised root thing.  Best (and 
worst) of all, some of them cast the same DS on themselves as fire pets 
their level, good news at any level, because fire pet DS is better than 
cast DS and doesn't take any mage mana or spell slot to maintain... and 
better news in your 50s, when fire pets go from best pet in the line to 
worst because they cast very stupid spells, not to mention the GV 
version of the fire pet actually doesn't melee as well as other GV pets.

Problems? Well, like other MS pets, only one in four actually casts the 
DS.  And in a group, the DS doesn't come into play much, because pets 
don't tend to get hit much, and mobs tend to be slowed.  Plus, I usually 
use my pet as a DS timer so I can tell when the MT's DS is going to run 
out; pet self DS prevents cast DS. And, since its only 1 pet in four 
that has the DS at all, this means a lot of setup time; worse, now that 
you only get partial credit on reclaims, a lot of mana.  At least 
previously I was actually gaining mana while chain casting MSII pets 
looking for a DSing one.

And, unlike the other MS pets, this guy is going to be outclassed very 
shortly, at 61 and above I get the next line of pets, which apparantly 
desperately outclass anything 60-.

I definately got my money's worth on him though, at 60pp, I'd been 
testing the water pet when we ended up having to evac from the king room 
in droga, I ran back down, cast MSIII pet, got a goblin, then used COTH 
to bring people back down, giving them heart attacks when they saw 
they'd appeared next to a mob!  Funny thing is, a little while later I 
gave myself a heart attack; we had a mob that resisted snare (cleric's 
clicky snare isn't real reliable) and walked out of the room, I turned 
around and thought we had an add!... took me a second or two to realize 
it was my pet.

After a while though I went back to air pet, the stuns were worth more 
than any amount of humor or backstabbing (I didn't even try for a DS 
version, waste of mana under the circumstances)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Shock of Firey Blades.  1005 point fire based DD, 334 mana, conjuration 
based.  This is the hot spell of the level for me; its a DD so the 
bracer works unlike rains.  Its conjuration based, so I get my 200 
specialization instead of evoc 50 specialization.  Its fire based, which 
means if shock of steel (my other premium nuke) is being resisted a lot 
this will be usable and vice versa.  Also, although I don't have it, 
there's a line of DD bonus effects that work on fire and not on magic 
based spells I think, so this can be boosted better than steel.

Unboosted, this would be 3 damage per mana, with conjuration 
specialization and an average 10% boost to DD from bracer, 3.68 damage 
per mana.  Compare with Shock of Steel using same assumptions, 3.66 
damage per mana, so the only upgrade really is that its more burst DPS, 
unless of course I can get ahold of the various flame based boosts (one 
is bard based, others are POP focus items?)

Compare with Seeking Flame of Seukor, same assumptions (except that I 
only get 2.5% discount from specialization) at 3.61 damage per mana, and 
all the problems a line of sight spell creates, this is a clear winner 
for me over that one, almost as much burst damage, just as boostable via 
flame based boosts, and far simpler to use, AND more mana efficient on 
top of all that.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPELLS I DON'T HAVE YET (if ever)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ancient Burnout.  Like any ancient spell, the odds of this thing showing 
  up in bazaar or dropping for someone who isn't in a power guild are 
low indeed.  Fortunately, its apparantly outclassed in a couple levels 
by the far easier to get Burnout V.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ancient Shock of the Sun.  Faster casting, cheaper and higher damage 
than firey blades, same conjuration + flame combination: would be a 
great spell to have... but again, odds are low, and its apparantly 
outclassed by higher level spells that are much easier to get.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wind of the Desert.  PBAE from LDoN.  I've yet to be in a PBAE group as 
a mage, I do already have Scintillation, but looking down the list there 
are no more PBAE coming up.  Hate to spend LDoN points on spells, but it 
seems like -if- I can start talking people into PBAE this one might be 
worth getting.  1050 damage per target for 780 mana is 1.34 damage per 
target per mana, while scintillation does 607 for 361, or 1.68 damage 
per target per mana, actually a better ratio.  So the only reason to get 
this is because you could cycle both and get the damage in faster, 
reducing risk of chanter OOM or mob resists causing a death.  Excitement 
pretty low after doing this math.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Transon's Elemental Renewal.  900 point pet heal, 400 mana cost.  Thats 
a 2.25 hp per mana ratio, versus 580 heal for 225 mana for TEI at a 2.58 
hp per mana ratio, or Primal Remedy at 480 hp for 200 mana, a 2.4 hp per 
mana ratio.

Hmm, that last is odd, its always seemed to me that Primal Remedy (a 
HOT) was doing better healing than my direct heals.  Is this accurate, 
TEI is actually better HP for the mana?

At any rate, TER looks like even worse healing ratio than TEI, unlike 
real healer's spells, which tend to get more efficient as you level up. 
  Very annoying.  Only copy I saw was at 5kpp, which seems steep 
considering I was able to get most of my 60 spells at under 500 pp each 
(some under 100pp), especially since its really not all that good a 
spell to look at it.

(looking down the road, next pet heal is at level 64, which means 
expensive, and a ways off in the future, unlike the pets which get 
replaced at 61... but its 1250 hp for 300 mana, a 4.17 hp per mana 
ratio, finally an actual improvement!)

Why do I care about pet heals?  Because summoning a pet means not only 
mana cost for the pet, but also a haste mask, armor, burnout, DS... 
letting a pet die in combat and replacing him means I initially have a 
-less- effective pet out there, and in the long run means I have to 
spend time and mana on him... plus unless he's an earth pet, I might not 
get a chance to get another pet out there at all.  In a group, my pet 
has got even more buffs most likely, and if he's taking damage at all 
that means he's off tanking something probably; something that will come 
kill me or the healer if he dies.  Perhaps its coming from a history of 
playing healers (49 cleric, 65 cleric, 52 shaman) but keeping a tank 
alive seems much better in most cases than letting him die and rezzing 
(resummoning) him.

I do think its funny that it took me over a month to get thru 58, and 
about 2 days to get thru 59.

Splendid One, Arch Gnomage, Firiona Vie



