From 4418198467063515992
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4b3853d6c5436a37,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-21 15:35:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: ohno@ohyes.com (Sparky)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A Surefall Ranger in Emp. Crush's Court (yesterday's adventure)
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2002 23:33:43 GMT
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3c754d0e.187899133@news.constant.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.21/32.243
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 222
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:168490

A Surefall Ranger in Emperor Crush's Court

A Surefall Ranger in Emperor Crush's Court


The morning started off like any other.  I awoke from my camp and
quickly put my fire out, looking around at the birds who seem to enjoy
this time of the day. I sure didn't want to see anymore of those
strange unholy beasts that I came into contact with the night before.
This Greater Faydark is not at all like my home in the Glade.   I miss
the clear sky and I prefer the familiar huge trees of my youth.

Making my way through my 15th season my adventures have slowly led me
here.  I have heard tales of a Ranger guild in the fabled City of
Trees, and needing supplies, and some improvement on my skills, I
venture forth to seek the Faydark Rangers out.  

It is a shame I never made it to the guild.

Out of the corner of my eye I see three creatures coming toward me, I
quickly put on my Icetooth's claws and shield and prepare myself for
the worst.   The three approached me at remarkable speed and I quickly
realized to my relief that there was no danger.

A Dwarf, a Half Elf, and an Elf ran right passed me in a whoosh.   I
hailed one of them to come and talk, as I haven't had decent company
in days and was anxious for news.  The three stopped and we started to
engage in conversation.   The dwarf, whose name was Kirby, told me
about a city of vile, smelly beast called Orcs very nearby.  Now I
know about Orcs, and have fought my share of them making my way
through the Commons area to get to the city of Freeport.

I was told that these "Crushbone" Orcs were harassing the city of
trees (which I then learned was called 'Kelethin'). In fact the Orcs
had even established some outpost camps in greater Faydark.  These
three had set it upon themselves to put an end to the Orcs and their
unholy order by storming the castle and doing away with the leader
himself, the Emperor.

Well, I could see right away that there was no Ranger with them and I
deduced very quickly how shortsighted this quest was turning out to
be.  Always in need of  currency and ready to join in a fight, I
volunteered to help these vigilantes on their journey. So without too
many more words exchanged, and a quick glance at each other to see how
we were each equipped, we began to head north to the Orc territory.

The journey north was almost uneventful till we got to the gates,
which was simply a cave carved through the mountain that separated the
Orc stronghold of Crushbone from the rest of Greater Faydark.  We met
a few of the stinking beasts there, and quickly did away with them. I
even was able to loot a few belts, which the Elf, whose name was
Garan, told me was good for a plat in Kelethin.  I made a note to
myself to start keeping these belts whenever I found them,  but the
irritating thought entered my head that I would only be able to sell
these belts IF I made it back, not necessarily WHEN.  From the
haunting looks of the cave entrance I was beginning to wonder.

We made it through, and I was surprised when we did not head straight
towards the castle, but up we started to climb to the top of a hill
where I could see that the beasts were using the location to train
each other in their deeds of destruction.   The Orc centurions were no
match for us and I asked why we were there and was told to just wait.
I was ready for the kill, but I controlled myself for a while waiting
for this unknown that my partners seemed to be grinning about and
elbowing each other.   Suddenly, what seemed like from nowhere, the
Trainer of the Orcs himself appeared and started to run towards me!
I looked back at my comrades and I could see that they were holding
back, looking at me with that same grin on their faces.  

"Betrayed!", I said to myself as I fought this Trainer of the Orcs,
but I didn't understand why, if I was going to be led to a slaughter,
they would lead me to an opponent that was clearly below my equal.
"Oh well", I said to myself,  They misjudged me,  I'll quickly teach
them a lesson after I am done with this Orc.  Well the beast wasn't my
match, but that didn't mean he went down easily either.  After a few
minutes I could tell I was getting the best of him.   When his bloody
body lay at my feet, I turned to face my betrayers, the scum who
attempted to leave me to die.  The same stupid grin on their faces.
Hmmm�. Something is going on, but I'm not sure what.  "Check the foul
corpse for loot", Kirby tells me.   I do so and, What a wonder!  A
Shiny Brass shield!  Much better than the Qeynos Kite shield I am
carrying.   The rest of my band let out a hearty laugh.  They knew I
was ill equipped in this area, and knew what the Trainer carried.
What a gift!  And the day was not over yet.

We then came down the hill and fought our way through to the bridge
leading to the castle entrance.  Many centurions gave up their belts
to my comrades and me that morning.   It was there that we met a new
foe; the Orc Legionnaire.  They were tough and there was more than
one, but it wasn't long before the ground was littered with their
bodies. 

After what seemed like ages, we started to make our way inside the
castle.  We regrouped, bandaged some wounds, and for the first time,
Langston, the half-elf, spoke.

 "Be very careful�  There be more than Orcs  here."  Now I have seen a
lot in my travels, so a statement like this could  mean anything.  I
quickly began to check for any evidence of anything else lurking
about, and while my tracking skills are not up to the quality of my
guild leader, I am quite proud of them.  "Only Orc tracks around here
so far", I tell my friends.  So we go inside, ready for the fight.

We didn't have to wait long, as word seemed to spread of our little
visit.  It seemed Legionnaires were coming out of the woodwork, and my
health was falling fast, we cut a trail through the Orcs, like a
lumberjack through trees and brush, and when all the action stopped,
we were standing in the Throne room in a pool of Orcan blood.

I was starting to feel a little tired, and was wondering if my claws
were getting dull, when I noticed I was feeling a bit weighed down
from all the belts I was carrying. "Better not loot any more of
them.", I thought ot myself.  We were in the Throne Room, but no Emp.
Crush.  Suddenly we noticed an Orc Oracle come straight for us,
casting some sort of spell from the depths of hell itself.  I was
suddenly sick, and my friends stepped up in front of me whacking and
slashing, I couldn't see through the blood and chunks of Orc meat
flying across the room.  Finally I could make out that there were TWO
Oracles there, fighting side by side, I jumped at one, ran behind him
and kicked him square on his buttocks to get his attention.  

"Maybe that wasn't the smartest thing to do", I said.

I needn't have worried; my friends quickly dropped the first and were
helping me with the second.  When he fell we were all covered in vile
stinking Orc blood and carnage, and I felt like I had just gone for a
swim in the sewers of Qeynos!

We cleaned up, and I bandaged each of us as much as I could.  I was
ready for a rest, and we all sat on the huge throne room table,
waiting for the Emperor himself to appear.  The Dwarf started to tell
us of his homeland, and of his journeys.  He then told of a fantastic
and horrible, yet beautiful dragon that lies beyond a cavern in the
frozen wasteland of Everfrost.   I have heard hints of such things,
but to be honest, I have never felt the inclination to check on the
validity of such stories.

We were all ready to go and almost like it was on queue,  the Emperor
himself came rushing into the room.  We didn't waste time on social
niceties, but simply had at him, hoping to rid the land of his ilk
forever.  Like the rest of our fights that day, it was bloody, and I
was beginning to think that we would bring him down quite simply, but
I noticed I was the only one fighting him.  I looked over my shoulder
and could see that a vicious Orc Lord was attacking my three friends,
separating them from the emperor and me.  There was not much I could
do, sweat was rolling into my eyes, my arms ached,  my comrades called
out for help and at what glances I could take, I could see they were
not doing well.   

Finally, the Orc Lord lay dead on the throne room floor, and my
friends ran to my aid,  but my health was falling fast.  The Emperor
was taking his vengeance out on me, cursing me with every swing he
made, and I could see the hatred and evil that burned in his eyes,
like a campfire of a first season ranger who doesn't know to keep his
fires small.   With his eyes still blazing, he swung, I ducked and
came up swinging, after I slashed him across the chest I kicked him
hard across the knees and in a yell of rage he went down.

He had a Dwarven ring-mail tunic on him, and I offered it to my
near-death friends, but they each said that hey had one already or
something better.  I couldn't wear it, being human, so I stowed it
away to maybe sell for a few plat when and if I made it back to the
city.  Quite a profitable little venture for me I was thinking.

 We were making our way out of the castle when we heard the laughter.

From where I was standing I could see what looked like to me a Dark
Elf coming our way.  He was laughing a sinister, evil laugh and
pointing at us with his index finger of his right hand. I wasn't too
worried, as I have met these folk before and even exchanged friendly
words, although I was always very alert to any thing that might
transpire.  The fellow declared himself an Ambassador or something and
even before the words were out of his mouth he magically struck the
Dwarf dead!

I was hearing screaming that wouldn't stop.  I looked around to see
where the screaming was coming from and I realized it was me!  I
quickly gathered my wits and realized that Garan had given the order
to "RUN!" so I tried to oblige him as best I could.    We ran down the
castle steps,  I wasn't running as fast as usual and realized I was
carrying an awful lot of spoils on me.  The thought crossed my mind to
drop the heavy tunic, but my mind quickly changed to other things when
the Elf let out a blood-curdling scream and fell to the ground in
mid-stride dead!

Fear rose up in me like a tide.  It started at my toes and rose up to
the top of my head like I was standing in a pool being filled with
water.  I refused to let my fright slow me however and I set my sights
on the tunnel entrance.  I could hear the steps of the Ambassador
behind me, too afraid to look back to see how close, Langston running
by my side. We had the entrance in sight, so close now.  "We are going
to make it!" I shout to my barely alive partner, fully believing the
words that I had spoken almost like a boast.  The brave friend turned
to me and smiled, but then grimaced as the ambassador pierced him
through with his evil blade!

I didn't stop. I knew my comrade was dead, and my last sight of him
was the Ambassador pushing his body off of his blade like an apple or
leaf that had annoyingly gotten stuck upon it.  With sweat pouring off
my brow I stumbled into Faydark, heaving and panting, trying to grab
some little morsel of air for my aching lungs. I somehow managed to be
able to get a good distance between that cursed place and myself.

When I couldn't run any farther I collapsed face first in the grass
sobbing for my fallen friends.  After a while I sat up but the tears
would not stop.  I remembered how bravely they fought for the safety
of the elven city, and how there was nothing I could do to prevent
their untimely death.   I sat in the grass until nightfall, mourning
the loss of my comrads, and then somehow, I found the strength to get
up and start making camp.

"If my partners were alive,  Maybe they could have shown me where the
Faydark Ranger guild is", I thought to myself. Maybe we could have
gone on more adventures together.  Maybe someday,  after we had lived
many seasons, maybe we could've ventured to the frozen wastes of
Everfrost, and found the terrible and beautiful Dragon.  I wept for my
friends that were.  I wept for the adventures that would never be.







