From 194350900073354771
X-Google-Thread: 1051ab,cd5fc058c5b208f1,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cd5fc058c5b208f1,start
X-Google-Thread: 1144f7,cd5fc058c5b208f1,start
X-Google-Thread: f4613,cd5fc058c5b208f1,start
X-Google-Thread: 1119bc,cd5fc058c5b208f1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid1051ab,gidfb739,gid1144f7,gidf4613,gid1119bc,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!proxad.net!proxad.net!news-hub.cableinet.net!blueyonder!diablo.theplanet.net!news.theplanet.net!not-for-mail
From: "smudge" <smudge0310@hotcowmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.ea.origin,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.lucas-arts,alt.games.mechwarroir3,alt.games.microsoft.age-of-empires
Subject: This Really Does work - Just try it!
Date: Thu, 18 Nov 2004 19:41:46 -0000
Lines: 547
Message-ID: <cnittp$g5a$1@newsg1.svr.pol.co.uk>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 81.79.25.52
X-Trace: newsg1.svr.pol.co.uk 1100806905 16554 81.79.25.52 (18 Nov 2004 19:41:45 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: 18 Nov 2004 19:41:45 GMT
X-Complaints-To: abuse@theplanet.net
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.ea.origin:6 alt.games.everquest:23975 alt.games.lucas-arts:10 alt.games.mechwarroir3:7 alt.games.microsoft.age-of-empires:18

"I WAS SHOCKED WHEN I LOOKED HOW MUCH MONEY CAME  INTO MY PAYPAL
ACCOUNT IN 3 DAYS."



      Buy the car of your dreams in just one month from now!



      I turned �3 into �135 within the first 3 days of operating the
business plan that I am about to reveal to you F.R.E.E. of charge. If you
decide to take action on the following instructions. I know that does sound
like a lot of money but you times that by 10 and that's not a bad income for
30days. I will GUARANTEE that you will enjoy a similar return! I started
this on the 25th of september 2004 and it works.





      Please do not be sceptical about this program. At least think about it
for a few days. Otherwise you will be throwing away over �10,000 in cash!
This system has been working for 2 years and thousands of people have joined
and they have been amazed by the results of a little time and �3.00! You
will too!

       I received a short and simple email telling me how to make over
�10,000 at a time. I ignored it because of course, I was sceptical. However,
I didn't delete that email because something about it rang true to me, and I
was desperate to know whether it was possible to make that amount of money
in such a short space of time. I was at that time getting deep in debt. I
finally realized that I had absolutely nothing to lose by having a go at the
plan offered to me in that email. And apart from that, I just couldn't stop
myself from thinking "What if it actually works?"



       I've worked hard and struggled all my life just to 'get by' and then
something ridiculously simple drops into my lap and immediately turns my
life around completely. When I think back to all the similar emails I had
previously deleted, it makes me shudder, because now I know just how close I
came to missing out completely.



      What did it say in that email? Well, if you'll read on, all will be
revealed!

      The business plan I am about to share with you works perfectly every
single time. I've never made less than �10,000 from it on each occasion. Let
me assure you that this is a LEGITIMATE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, a perfectly
legal moneymaking enterprise. It does not require you to sell anything. It
does not require you to speak to your friends, family or anybody else
(unless you want to). In fact, you do not need to come into contact with any
people whatsoever. Anyone with a pulse can become successful and make their
fortune with this system. If you believe that 'every dog has its day', then
follow the simple step-by-step plan exactly as it is set out below. If you
do this and this alone, I GUARANTEE that within the next 30 days you will
receive over �10,000 in cash via your PayPal account. I know that this must
sound like an outrageous claim, particularly if you've never had possession
of this sort of money before, but believe me, this business works like
nothing else you may have seen before in your life! By following the simple
3-step plan set out below, within a few short weeks your life will be
transformed beyond all recognition! Please do not allow your initial
scepticism to deprive you of certain financial success.



      If you decide not to take advantage of this life-changing opportunity,
I would like you to know that I sincerely respect your decision and I
understand that you will have your reasons. I therefore wish you the very
best of luck for the future. I am able to say this with absolute sincerity
because, as you will see, if you decide to work this plan, I will not
receive any financial compensation from you whatsoever. After all, I am
sharing this system with you for F.R.E.E.. However, remember life is short.
Nobody has ever said that you can't have the financial F.R.E.E.dom to do
what you want to do, when you want to do it. But you must first pay the
price. The price here is action; it's as simple as that! I'm very proud to
be able to say that I've fulfilled my duty to my wife and children by
securing their financial future in a very uncertain world, and I don't
believe that any price is too great to pay for such peace of mind.

      This is the CHEAPEST, FASTEST and EASIEST way to make serious money
online - PERIOD!

      There are a lot of companies out there offering to put you in your own
business, but I'm so certain you will make a SERIOUS INCOME with what I am
going to tell you that I'm willing to roll up my sleeves and help you
begin - RIGHT NOW!!



      Remember, I am not asking you to send me a single penny for the
lucrative business project I am about to share with you. In addition, you
will not be asked to buy anything or sacrifice your F.R.E.E. time. You will
make some fast and easy cash, using just a copy of this page and the
simplest and most popular Internet payment system in existence!

      You have most likely seen or heard about this project on TV programs
such as 20/20 and Oprah Winfrey, or you may have read about it in the Wall
Street Journal. If not, here it is below - revealed to you in step-by-step
detail. This program is by no means new. It has been in existence in many
forms for at least a decade. But in the early days, it required a lot more
time and effort, as well as an outlay of a few hundred pounds. However,
thanks to PayPal and the Internet, the outlay is now virtually ZERO! And
what's more, the entire process is FASTER, EASIER, and MORE LUCRATIVE than
it has EVER been!

      If you're already running a home business, you can easily do this one
along with it. If not, this is the FASTEST and EASIEST way to earn serious
money online that you've ever seen so far in the history of the Internet!
This program works no matter what country you are in, or what currency you
use. It doesn't matter how old or how young you are. And you certainly won't
need any special knowledge or talent. You won't need to run a website, or
make phone calls, or make photocopies, or send out letters through the mail,
or pay for advertising, etc.

      An email address

      A Premier or Business PayPal account with at least �3 deposited in it

      30 minutes of your time

      This program takes just half an hour to set up. After that, there is
absolutely no work whatsoever to do on your part. And yet, you will stand to
gain many thousands of pounds within the next few weeks from those 30
minutes of easy work! Yes, I know, it sounds too good to be true! I thought
exactly the same thing myself until I actually tried it out!

      Even if you are already involved in another program, stay with it, but
do yourself a big favour and DO THIS ONE as well. You have absolutely
NOTHING to lose, but you stand to gain a LIFE-CHANGING amount of money
within the next few weeks! In fact, there is NO LIMIT to the amount of
income you can generate from this one single business program!!

      The facts are simple: If you need to make a few thousand pounds REALLY
FAST, then this program is the way to do it! It's the CHEAPEST, FASTEST,
EASIEST, and MOST LUCRATIVE program you will ever participate in!

      Please be sure to read all of this page . . . take your time, come
back to it . . . go over and over it, you won't be sorry, I can certainly
promise you that! If you don't have time to read all of this now, then save
this page, or add it to your Favourites list, so you can come back to it
later.

      All you need is a PayPal account and an email address!

      Just about everyone has heard about "PayPal" (if you haven't you will
soon!) and when I came across this concept I knew it would work because, as
a member of PayPal, I had already experienced their efficiency and excellent
standing. PayPal is the simplest method of making and receiving payments
online that anyone has ever seen! Anyone with an email address can join for
F.R.E.E.! Once you have a PayPal account, you can send and receive credit
card payments to or from anyone - anywhere in the world! Please read further
before you go there... You can complete this whole process within just half
an hour and you will NEVER forget the day you decided to do so!!!

      NEED PROOF? Here are just 3 testimonials from the countless
individuals who decided to invest nothing more than �3 and half an hour of
their time to participate in this program:



      "What an amazing plan! I followed your instructions just 3 weeks ago,
and although I haven't made 10 grand yet, I'm already up to �6,135. I'm
absolutely gob-smacked.
      AH



      "This is Lisa. Well, what can I say?... THANK YOU SO MUCH! I sent 40
e-mails out like you said and then I just forgot about the whole thing. To
be honest, I didn't really think anything would come of it. But when I
checked my PayPal account a week later, there was over �3,000 in it! After
30 days I now have over �11,000 to spend! I can't thank you enough!"
      LM



      "I was shocked when I saw how much money came flooding into my PayPal
account. Within 3 weeks my account balance has ballooned to �7,449. At first
I thought there had been some sort of error with my account!"
      RB



      Just a few months ago, each of these people were doing the same thing
as you are at this very moment - reading this! But because they decided to
follow the simple instructions given below, they are now considerably better
off as a result. And there's no reason whatsoever why you can't share in
this success. You've got nothing to lose, and EVERYTHING to gain!



      Let's get started, just follow the instructions exactly as set out
below and then prepare yourself for a HUGE influx of cash over the next 30
days!

      Here's what you need to do. . .



      STEP 1
      Ok, if you're not already a PayPal user, the very first thing you need
to do is click on the PayPal link below and SIGN UP. It takes just 2
minutes!

      Here's the link: https://www.paypal.com
      Be sure to use this link so you can sign up for a F.R.E.E. Premier or
Business account. You'll need to have a Premier or Business account (and not
a PERSONAL account) otherwise you won't be able to receive credit card
payments from other people.



      STEP 2
      It is an undeniable law of the universe that we must first give in
order to receive. So the first thing to do when you have your Business
PayPal account is to IMMEDIATELY send a �3 ($5) payment from your PayPal
account to the FIRST email address in the list below, along with a note
saying:

      "Please add me to your mailing list."

      Be certain to add this note, as this is what KEEPS THIS PROGRAM LEGAL.
Instructions on how to send a payment are under "SEND MONEY" at the PayPal
site. It's so easy!!

      When you send your �3 payment to the first address in the list, do it
with a great big smile on your face because "as you sow, so shall you reap!"

      Here's the current list:



      1. d t d1978@yahoo.co.uk

      2. richiefysh@o2.co.uk

      3. antony@compaq828.fsnet.co.uk

      4. mark.green4@yost.uk.com

      5. smudge0310@hotmail.com



      After you have transferred a �3 payment to the email address at the
top of the list, something very eerie happens. It gives you an
indescribable, overwhelming sense of certainty, belief and conviction in the
system. You've just proved to yourself that, because you have done it, there
must be a great number of other people ready to do exactly the same. Thus
you have now seen for yourself, first hand, that this business actually
works!

      STEP 3


      Once you've sent a �3 payment to the address at the top of the list
(along with your note - this is VERY important!), the next thing you need to
do is to obtain a copy of the contents of this page, as you'll be sending it
out (as an email message or by advertising your page, like I have done) to
at least 40 people (keep in mind that 40 is a good number of people to
reach, but with all the different ways of advertising for F.R.E.E. on the
internet the amount of views and signups under you could well exceed into
the hundreds or thousands if you wish....the more people who join the more
profitable for everyone on the list, including you). The copy that you will
send out will contain

      YOUR email address at number 5 in the list - having deleted the
address at Number 1 in the list, and moving the others up a position.

      The best way to do this is you can copy and paste into emails to your
family and friends. You can copy and paste it and put ad's on the internet
on message boards etc. Or you can create your own F.R.E.E. website, by
copying and pasting. There are many F.R.E.E. webpages you can build on the
web. For example 2 good ones are www.geocities.com or http://www.cmlb.net.
Both of these are simple to use. And the best part of having this info on a
website for people to follow is you can post links to your site on paid to
click websites or paid to read email sites, for great advertising. There are
countless ways to get more people like me and you involved in this amazing
program.

      A. Go to the toolbar at the top of the window and select "Edit" and
then "Select All".

      B. Go to the toolbar again and select "Edit" and then "Copy".

      C. Start (compose) a new email message (PLAIN TEXT so everyone can
view it!).

      D. Fill in your email address and subject line, and then click in the
main message area.

      E. Go to "Edit" and "Paste" to paste the text into your new email
message. Now you can edit and format the message text in any way you want!
However, it's best to just leave the text as it is because you want your
email to be read by everyone who receives it!

      The only thing you need to make sure of is that YOUR email address is
at Number 5 in the list in STEP 2. Of course, the address that was
previously at Number 1 should have been removed, and the other email
addresses should have been moved up a position to accommodate yours at
Number 5. As long as you have done this correctly, your email is ready for
sending!

      A word of warning! Don't be tempted to add your email address to
position 1 in order to earn money fast!
      It doesn't work like that! If you do that, you will ONLY reach the
people you directly send emails to, and then your address will be
immediately removed from the Number 1 place and you won't reach thousands of
people! But, if you add your name to the Number 5 position, there will be
literally tens of thousands of people receiving and sending emails later -
when your name is at the Number 1 spot!!!

      F. Once you've got your email message ready, send out a minimum of 40
copies of the email - but only to people you know, or to people who respond
to MLM offers, or to people who've sent YOU offers. By sending this letter
and the payment via EMAIL, the response time is EXTREMELY fast..........
ELECTRONIC TRANSFER INTERNET FAST!!! That's why it takes only a few days for
those �3 payments to start flooding into your PayPal account!

      THAT'S ALL THERE IS TO IT! The whole process should take you about 30
minutes to complete.

      BE PREPARED TO GET EXCITED.... YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!!! Half an
hour of easy work is all that's needed - no capital outlay, no postage
stamps, no printing, copying or waiting, and the concept is 100% legal.

      Within 30 days, over �10,000 cash will pass through your PayPal
account. And that's GUARANTEED. In fact, you can expect to receive a
substantial number of �3 payments within the first few days! Keep a copy of
your email safe so that you can use it again whenever you need more cash!



      Here's how it works:



      When you send out your emails, your email address will initially be at
Number 5 in the list. That's the best position it can be in at this stage if
you want to make serious money. The response-rate for this program is much
higher than any typical email marketing campaign for a number of reasons,
which are explained later. As long as you send your emails to people who are
likely to be interested in this program, on average, you can expect a
response from about 25% of the people you send to. But let's be extremely
conservative here and assume that you receive an average response rate of
only 12.5%. . .

      If you send out your email to 40 different people, you can expect at
least 5 of those people to do exactly what you did (12.5% of 40 = 5). By
this time, your email address will have moved up to Number 4 in the list,
and this list will now have reached around 200 people (5 x 40).



      Out of those 200 people, you can expect at least 25 of them to
participate (12.5% of 200 = 25), so that's a further 1,000 emails (25 x 40)
being sent out and your email address will have risen to Number 3 in the
list.



      Out of those 1,000 people, you can expect at least 125 of them to
participate (12.5% of 1,000 = 125), so that's a further 5,000 emails (125 x
40) being sent out with you now at the Number 2 position.



      Out of those 5,000 people, you can expect at least 625 of them to
respond (12.5% of 5,000 = 625), so that's 25,000 emails (625 x 40) being
sent out with YOUR ADDRESS at the Number 1 spot!



      Now, out of those 25,000 people, you can expect around 3,125 of them
to respond (12.5% of 25,000 = 3,125). And since you will now be at NUMBER 1
in the list, you will receive: �9,375 ($17,300)(3,125 x �3($5)).



      So, when your name starts to hit the Number 1 position within the next
few days, it will be YOUR turn to collect the money! Over the course of 30
days, this money will be sent to you by a few thousand people just like
yourself - who are willing to invest half an hour to receive around �10,000
($18,000) or more in cash! The first payments will arrive within a few days,
and they will continue at the rate of about 100 payments per day for about
30 days. After that time, the volume of payments begins to taper off as your
email address vacates the Number 1 position.



      That's all you need to do! There will be around �10,000 ($18,000) in
�3 ($5) payments waiting for you in your PayPal account within the next few
weeks. �10,000 ($18,000) for just 30 minutes work! This is real money that
you can spend on anything you wish! Just deposit it to your own bank account
or spend it directly from your PayPal account!!! It's just that easy!!! I
think it's WORTH IT, don't you?

      Remember, the 12.5% example above is assuming that 35 out of the 40
people you send your email to will do absolutely nothing except delete your
email. However, if you follow the plan correctly and send your emails only
to people who are likely to want to participate, you can expect a typical
response-rate of around 25%. Hence, the 12.5% example is only given as a
worst-case-scenario. Additionally, the above example assumes that each
participant will only send out 40 emails. Imagine what would happen if each
participant sent out 1,000 emails instead of just 40! Believe me, many
people will do this and much more!

      Consider this! Millions of people surf the Internet every single day,
all over the world! Plus there are 50,000 new people who get on the Internet
every month! The people who send you offers by email can provide you with an
excellent source of bulk email addresses to send to. You can also send out
emails to all of your family, friends, and to anyone who you think would
want to invest �3 ($5) and 30 minutes of their time to make a substantial
lump sum within a month. If you want to operate this business continuously,
you should consider obtaining bulk lists of email addresses from a reputable
mailing list company. That's how I've managed to stay in business for the
last 2 years! If you already have a legitimate mailing list, then this
program would be the most profitable way to make use of it. There are many
websites that sell thousands of fresh opt-in email addresses of people who
have subscribed to receive exactly this type of program. For example, visit:
htmail.com, BusinessMailing.co.uk and Email2Success.com. The possibilities
are endless, and it's so easy!

      Unlike many other MLM programs, this 5-LEVEL PROGRAM costs you only �3
($5). That's right, only �3 ($5) ONCE, which is much more realistic and
provides much, much faster results. Only the first person on the list gets
your �3 ($5) gift, but everyone in the list will rise to that Number 1
position as thousands of emails are being sent out. No cheating can occur
(don't be fooled by claims that this system can be cheated) as PayPal only
allows one account per person. Because it is so easy, the response rate is
VERY HIGH and VERY FAST - Internet email FAST, and you will start seeing
dramatic results in less than one week! JUST IN TIME FOR NEXT MONTH'S BILLS!

      Remember, you need only mail out 40 copies to start with. This will be
enough to generate a substantial lump sum within 30 days. For example, send
to personal contacts and reply to people who send their programs to you, as
they are already working on the web. They know these programs work and they
are already believers in the system! This is NOT considered SPAM if you are
responding to other people's offers, or sending to friends, family and
contacts, or if you are using a legitimate mailing list.

      So, email your letters out today, and then prepare yourself for a huge
influx of cash within the next 30 days!!!

      4 factors that make this program so successful. . .

      EXTREMELY FAST RESPONSE

      EXTREMELY HIGH RESPONSE RATE

      UNLIMITED PROFIT POTENTIAL

      QUICK, SIMPLE AND CHEAP TO GET STARTED

      Because of the VIRTUALLY ZERO INVESTMENT, SPEED, and HIGH PROFIT
POTENTIAL, this program has a VERY HIGH RESPONSE RATE! And all from just a
simple email and one simple �3 ($5) PayPal transaction! In fact, this
program has faster results and a higher response rate than any other
Internet program you could possibly participate in! For most email marketing
campaigns, the average response rate is between 0.5% and 5%. However, this
particular program typically generates a response rate of between 20% and
30%. This is because this program is so easy to implement, it costs next to
nothing, it takes just 30 minutes to implement, and the results can be seen
within days.

      I've been watching this type of MLM program for years and this is
about as easy and fast as you can get it. No stamps, no envelopes, no
printed copies to be made - just a little effort and faith!!! This program
really keeps it "short and simple"!

      UNLIMITED income potential!

      This program is structured for everyone to send only 40 emails each to
start. However, you are certainly not limited to 40. Send out as many emails
as you want. Every 40 emails you send has a return of AT LEAST �10,000
($18,000) WITHIN 30 DAYS. So, if you can email 50, or 100, or whatever, GO
FOR IT! THE MORE YOU PUT INTO IT, THE MORE YOU GET OUT OF IT!

      However, you MUST remember that sneaking your name higher up on the
list will NOT produce the results you think, and it only cheats the other
people who have put in the effort and have earned the right to be there. So
please, play by the rules and the serious money will come to you!

      You are probably sceptical of this, especially with all the different
programs out there on the Web, but if you don't try this you will never
know. I felt exactly the same as you probably do right now. I wanted to
believe but I just couldn't help thinking that there was some sort of catch.
But then I realized that I had absolutely nothing to lose. After all, I was
only being asked to invest a measly �3 ($5), and yet I could earn many
thousands of pounds (dollars) within a month. And all for just half an hour
of my time! Therefore I went ahead and did exactly as the email requested.
This took me around 30 minutes in total, and I'm so, so, glad I did that!

      To get started, just click on the link below:

      https://www.paypal.com

      But please play by the rules! This program doesn't cost anything but
�3 ($5) and about half an hour of your time, and if everyone plays fair,
everyone WINS!!

      So there it is. You now have the knowledge that will enable you to
make over �10,000 ($18,000) within the next few weeks. The only thing that
can hold you back now is a lack of faith or a lack of self-belief. However,
any doubts you may currently have will disappear within a few days of
putting this plan into practice. Trust me on this! You certainly won't
regret it.

      Some notes from the PayPal site which you may find useful

      PayPal lets you pay anyone with an email address and is the world's
Number 1 online payment service. PayPal is accepted on over 3 million eBay
auctions as well as a countless number of online shops. You can also use
PayPal to pay your friends - for example, it's a convenient way to split the
phone bill with your room-mate, send cash to your kids in college, or send
cash to someone in another country.

      When you send money through PayPal, you can fund your payments with
your credit card or cheque account. You won't have to worry about your
privacy, because PayPal keeps your accounting information safe and secure.
Making a purchase with PayPal is far more secure than mailing a cheque or
giving your credit card number to a stranger. That's why over 9 MILLION
people from around the world use PayPal to move money. Signing up for a
PayPal account is F.R.E.E., easy, and it takes only a couple of minutes.

      Thank you, and good luck in your ventures



      P.S. Does this sound too good? Well maybe to some sceptics it is. But
it actually works, and is worth the 30 minutes of your time now. So, just
make a nice cup of tea and get started on it now. After all, you can't lose,
but you stand to gain more in the next few weeks than many people earn in a
year! I urge to lighten the load for only �3. You have nothing to lose and
so much to gain!!

      Good luck and don't spend all your money at once.









