From -609054876237434915
X-Google-Thread: 104470,dba6ba642c050177
X-Google-Thread: 102ffd,d8178483917b7fdb
X-Google-Thread: fb739,49d1b21cf25ce387,start
X-Google-Thread: 1159e3,ba26038df3bddcdb
X-Google-Thread: fff20,6d5546745a3375b8
X-Google-Attributes: gid104470,gid102ffd,gidfb739,gid1159e3,gidfff20,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!s13g2000prd.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: The_Top_Cop@hotmail.com
Newsgroups: alt.alien, alt.usage.english, alt.games.everquest, 
	alt.home.repair, uk.d-i-y
Subject: Why We Fight - BOMBSHELLS: Bushite are using Satanic Rituals While 
	Torturing the Innocent - 40,000 pounds of bombs dropped by ANTICHRIST FORCES 
	OF EVIL on a populated City THEY OCCUPY - American Women are Raped by Bushite 
	and American men are too cowardly - Corporate News Whores are Evil to All 
	Humans Being - "Heaven Won't Take Marines" - American corporations actively 
	attempt to MURDER American women, and American "Men" refuse to phone someone 
	who cares... - I'm willing to Challenge America to a Presidential Debate on 
	successes we've achieved as the governed for enlightenment - Catholic Bishop: 
	9-11 was inside job - TO CON AMERICA TO DIE AS TRAITORS - Evidence is 
	Everything - Al-Qaida = General Mahmoud Ahmad - WOW! - 'How Bush misled the 
	world' - WOW!
Date: Wed, 16 Jan 2008 14:48:20 -0800 (PST)
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 4497
Message-ID: <44580541-b3b5-41b3-b200-18da099aec36@s13g2000prd.googlegroups.com>
References: <c5ffa90b.0408031013.912f0b8@posting.google.com> 
	<94a7b273.0410041311.1e208780@posting.google.com> <94a7b273.0410080652.1b95907f@posting.google.com> 
	<c29bb5b3.0410181057.2541ad34@posting.google.com> <bf6e4e8b.0411101214.3ba13dca@posting.google.com> 
	<ougfh3h7nori8hvu6kh4uphqf6f75rgd0k@4ax.com> <1195075443.297784.232190@22g2000hsm.googlegroups.com> 
	<87baeace-7586-4b8b-a6ea-2b3cc21dd2e0@e67g2000hsc.googlegroups.com> 
	<c066dbf0-e102-4bdd-8dfe-cd12874c4703@w28g2000hsf.googlegroups.com> 
	<46ac2c8a-09c0-4a10-be4e-0c6a024e44b9@e1g2000hsh.googlegroups.com> 
	<473eb98f-79db-4afd-a6d1-6598fb24fa8b@d21g2000prf.googlegroups.com> 
	<258587fe-2930-49d9-b747-3a86641ca278@b1g2000pra.googlegroups.com> 
	<b7bf2577-260b-4180-be86-275c2abd0f14@i72g2000hsd.googlegroups.com> 
	<17b8d8ac-5675-4b06-b3d4-e6c5d249daa9@t1g2000pra.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 205.200.66.59
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1200523701 22047 127.0.0.1 (16 Jan 2008 22:48:21 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 16 Jan 2008 22:48:21 +0000 (UTC)
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: s13g2000prd.googlegroups.com; posting-host=205.200.66.59; 
	posting-account=ISt0AgoAAABavwL9c9PP_z_CibY_0LHo
User-Agent: G2/1.0
X-HTTP-UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) 
	Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5,gzip(gfe),gzip(gfe)
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.alien:3120 alt.usage.english:366332 alt.games.everquest:12518 alt.home.repair:310344 uk.d-i-y:317137

The Fix Is In
www.nogw.com/index.html

Look, the election is rigged, without doubt. This isn't
about Ron Paul refusing to support a re-count as a coward,
it is about YOU, as an American refusing to defend yourself
from tyranny. A bushite dumfuk enemy of GOD has no commitment
to defend America, so it is TRULY up to you my brothers and sisters,
it is truly up to you.


The Answer

http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/12/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owes_=
who.mp3
http://baltimore.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/2/the_presidential_debate_-_w=
ho_owes_who.mp3
http://www.indymedia.ie/attachments/jan2008/the_presidential_debate__who_owe=
s_who.mp3
http://miami.indymedia.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owe=
s_who.mp3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_=
-_who_owes_who.mp3
http://imctj.espora.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owes_w=
ho.mp3
http://laplana.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/2/the_presidential_debate_-_who=
_owes_who.mp3
http://istanbul.indymedia.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_who_=
owes_who.mp3
http://www.stlimc.org/usermedia/audio/2/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owes_w=
ho.mp3
http://atlanta.indymedia.org/files/audio/The_Presidential_Debate_-_Who_Owes_=
Who.mp3
http://boston.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/5/The_Presidential_Debate_-_Who_=
Owes_Who.mp3
http://valparaiso.indymedia.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_wh=
o_owes_who.mp3
http://pr.indymedia.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owes_w=
ho.mp3
http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owes_=
who.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/the_presidential_debate_-_who=
_owes_who.mp3
http://peru.indymedia.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owes=
_who.mp3
http://la.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/the_presidential_debate_-_who_owes_w=
ho.mp3
https://israel.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/2/the_presidential_debate_-_who=
_owes_who.mp3
http://argentina.indymedia.org/uploads/2008/01/the_presidential_debate_-_who=
_owes_who.mp3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/12/the_presidential_debate_=
-_who_owes_who.mp3
http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/the_presidential_debate_-_who_o=
wes_who.mp3


                      Why We Fight

Bushite are using Satanic Rituals While Torturing the Innocent

http://media.switchpod.com/users/democracynow/ftp/dn2008-0111-1.mp3

Bushite enemy to Innocent prisoners "Satan is your God now."
(seen on many bushite tanks "666" Praising Satan while
chanting, "whore yeah, whore yeah", while raping, thieving,
and murdering as antichrist enemies of EVERYONE - including
GOD, if can you believe what is witnessed before all.)

Bushite ENEMY interrogators use Satanic ceremonies ordered by
Maj.  Gen.  Geoffrey D.  Miller, during the torture of
INNOCENT People to death they kidnapped, all because American
religious males refuse, "Christians", so far, refuse to kill
SATANIC bushite on sight for true freedom and Liberty.  Do not
except the excuses of bushite nazis, that being openly Satanic
for Bush's Skull and Bones, and the Bohemian Grove, is to war
for Freedom and Democracy in the New american Century.  The
Son of Man States to all religious PEOPLES:  Kill a bushite to
defend God in America.  If necessary, You, as a dying America,
shall give every last drop of Christian blood you have to bill
the unarrested Satanic General Miller and his praising DEMONIC
ilk for their murderous treasons against GOD and Man.
(Atheists included die too with these routine indiscriminate
bombings don't you know anything.) All because America still
refuses to demand Justice for 911.  Make the call, be a man.
Al-Qaida =3D General Mahmoud Ahmad. Bush, "The Puppet", needs
to be executed for 911, putting mercury in American vaccines,
torture, Afghanistan, Iraq, and the Military Commissions Act.

U.S. Military Wanted to Provoke War With Cuba
ABC News
http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=3D92662

/ / In the early 1960s, America's top military leaders
reportedly drafted plans to kill innocent people and commit
acts of terrorism in U.S.  cities to create public support for
a war against Cuba.  \ \ And Proud Vietnam Vets are TRUE
fascist cowards, who'd kill our Families for stolen riches
given to billionaire war mongers who, to this day, bask in our
stolen lives living in Mansions, while homeless vets eat their
own shit and die, worthless to the struggles against tyranny
for God.  Still cowardly as evil is always ignorant.  More
committed to colonies for the French like Haiti, that Freedom
for the Human beings granted the rights to Liberty.

Joker to the Thief

We laugh with Jon Stewart regarding the seven Christians set
up by the bushite to be al-kinda, to be put to death, or serve
life term prison sentences as the Innocent.  BUT remember, CNN
is serious.  Pro-zionist CNN, with salaries in the tens of
millions, will lie cheat and steal from Christian Americans
while smiling.  Sending you to death while cashing in on all
the 'free' loot.  Funny?

(EXAMPLE:  So what?  that BILLIONAIRE Mitt publicly supports
torturing innocent people to death without Lawyers for our
Judgment with his nazi bum chum traitor Cofer Black?.  Not CNN
newsworthy as a defense for the People of America.  Or how
about that Black People can't be Bishops as a moron mormon?)

Soldiers of Ummah - unite US all to defend America from the
evil bushite thieving liars - the enemies of Justice, the
enemies of Life.  Bill a bushite grunt to save innocent lives,
and in that process, be truly loved by mankind through Peace.

/ / He said they [the innocent humans] are like dogs and if
you allow them to believe at any point that they are more than
a dog then you've lost control of them \ \ Who'll save the
life of an innocent Dog though...

-

Ben Venzke and Jim Melnick of Intelcenter.com is al-Qaida

/ / "In fact, his stack of papers that he reads are moved
between the exact same stacks.  If you overlay the 2007 video
with the 2004 video, his face has not changed in three years -
only his beard is darker. [..] A senior U.S.  intelligence
official says they believe the message is authentic \ \ HUH???
Who is this senior U.S.  intelligence official not mentioned?
Are we suppose to just go in faith that bin Laden has every
micro second timed perfectly greater than a computer meshed
with clockwork oranges?  Either it is the same, or it isn't..
EASILY provable.  So why the ambiguity???  The ENEMY of GOD
bushite war criminals can be found here, one way, or the other
lying.  Therefore, I want to engage in the Presidential
Debates to demand Justice for all concerned..

Also, Evan Coleman of NBC is a blatant traitor as al-Qaida
propagandist, and deserves to be publicly executed after a
fair trial by US, the suffering Humans.  Olbermann be damned.
Al-Qaida =3D General Mahmoud Ahmad.  I am the most prolific
writer on Earth, present on the Internet everywhere, even in
China!, yet, these corporate bush whores pretend WE don't
exist for fair measurements.  Press for Freedom.  Death to the
bushite, death to the enemies of America.

A Soldier Wars for God and Country

http://rochester.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/1/soldier_wars.mp3
http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://liege.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://estrecho.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/1/soldier_wars.mp3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://arkansas.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/1/soldier_wars.mp3
http://la.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://www.indybay.org/uploads/2007/11/19/soldier_wars.mp3
http://santiago.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://pr.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://venezuela.indymedia.org/media/2007/11//11677.mp3
http://valparaiso.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://argentina.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://peru.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://atlanta.indymedia.org/files/audio/Soldier_Wars.mp3
http://miami.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://imctj.espora.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://chicago.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/1/soldier_wars.mp3
http://istanbul.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3
http://scotland.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/1/soldier_wars.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/soldier_wars.mp3

"I must tell you, I'm sleeping a lot better than people would
assume," - The propagandist enemy George W Bush, Mr. Antichrist.

  No evidence against an accused is US being truly abused

Robert Gates and his bush bitches in command of the air force
bombers will be publicly executed for the crimes of
indiscriminate murderering, after fair public trial by US, his
victims.  DIE BUSHITE DIE.  Remember:  BUSHITE ARE OCCUPING
IRAQ - 40,000 lbs..

"These are not terrorists, they are not al-Qeada, they are
ordinary innocent men, women and children."

-

! ! ! Boston Globe had PROOF the election was RIGGED ! ! !

http://www.ronpaulwarroom.com/?p=3D941

They said, "oops"..  defend the Boston Globe no matter what
any person or persons say.  If the Editor disagrees, love him
anyway - if the paperboy shrugs, take the moment to explain -
DEMOCRATIC ELECTIONS ARE CRITICAL.  So says Johnny the
Dictator.  (realize:  the tabulations haven't even been
formally released, and CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS told US who won
before ANYONE was granted the opportunity to force such
MEASURED conclusions.  We were asking for a re-count before
the count was even measured.  If mathematically, 2 plus 1
doesn't equal 3, we are doomed.  I want to participate in the
President's Debate for Freedom's cause - Liberty and Justice
for All.  Paper ballots, paper ballots, arrests, arrests.
Otherwise, we shall be politically entertained by McMcCain!
Help us!  help us!  No funny..  100 years of dying Humanity as
murder victims sound laughable?  We shall therefore, hunt
bushite down to the ends of Earth and billl them where they
mute as our eternal enemies. Justice for the war profiteering
thieves.

www.expose-the-war-profiteers.org


            Calling on All American Gun Groups

This Will Be My Anchor

/ / U.S.  bombers and jet fighters unleashed 40,000 pounds of
explosives on the southern outskirts of Baghdad within 10
minutes [...]warplanes dropped 38 1,000-pound bombs on
suspected al-Qaida safe houses and struck at least 40 of them
in the Arab Jabour area, \ \ Did they kill General Mahmoud
Ahmad?  Bush or Cheney?  Someone at Intelcenter or mistakenly
Colin Powell?, Aegis Blackwater or CACI?  perhaps the demon
liar Sean Hannity?, or a gaggle of hated by every living just
Man - the thieving repuglicons?  How about dope pushing NATO
commanders?, or the ungodly bushite air force whores of the
for real antichrist enemies of Life as Love?  No..  innocent
children, women and men, who could have lived freedom for life
if the bushite enemy were dead and gone already.  Bill a
bushite for God and America why don't you do it to defend
ourselves further lawless murders my brothers and sisters of
all the Faiths put together?

Again, "suspected".  You kill, any and every grunting soldier
of bushite america who disagrees these perpetrators will be
hunted down individually and executed in Love - for blatant war
crimes against our innocent Humanity.

Allah Rules

"God promised land of Israel to Jewish people alone" The
Satanic Rabbi stressed as a demonic liar enemy who speaks
injustice against US as the innocent loved by a true God held
in silent awe.

G-D wills a demand this quote verified by the Rabbi, if true,
he will, and all other LIARS like him, be severely punished as
a blasphemer against the Torah, the Quran, and Johnny - The
King of Earth - Son to God.  For a true Jew, as God wills
through Law, loves all People to be free to live for
happiness:  be We Catholic, Hindu, or Atheist.  Zionists of
today, all abled men bill for Justice to defend our innocent
lives, for, they as Satanic liars steal from US as the
ungodly.  Real Jews don't murder innocent people to steal
their rights to Life for money.  Nothing worse than a Zionist
nazi "jew" with money they never earned, but stole in the
names of the suffering Peoples.  We, the Jew of Jews now kill
'lawless' bushite daily for the pleasures of all Humanity.
Their surviving pro-nazi families faithfully cry as bushite
out to "God", not for understanding, but in contempt of
America and Liberty.  It is always a shame on me and my
Brother Jesus, but bushite die RIGHTLY to defend a desperate
G-d as an innocently dying eternal Mankind.  The People.
Please, do not Forsake me.

"Al-Qaida" =3D "General Mahmoud Ahmad"

Fear an awesome God my Friends, fear for your soul in jeopardy

=2E..all? ..ahhh...

-

American Women are Raped by Bushite and American men are
too cowardly to call pro-child killer happy George Norry
to speak in defense of Lovers. Kill 'lawless' Blackwater
mercenaries who are hired to murder from the worst of
military dictatorships, or don't and die your 'neighbor'
a coward in godless tyranny without choices to choose
then. Don't wait till your neighbor falls, defend them
now as if they were you left undefended. Rape, like murder,
will always be a crime, despite what TV zionist celebs
state about godless 'lawlessness' granting free reign
in Our America. Blackwater is guilty. Defend Humanity,
defend God. I'ves sorted them out, now kill'em.

http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/tx/5437468.html

/ / Jones' attorney and Rep.  Ted Poe, R-Houston, said last
month that 13 women had come forward with similar [RAPE]
cases.  \ \

Realize:  the number is easily ten times higher, due to women
fearing that so few of none real men wear the antichrist
uniforms.  Example:  The mass murderer child killer who
expresses no remorse as an enemy of life has this on the only
page of his web site, "Innocent Until Proven Guilty in a Court
of Law" Yet, of course..  ahhfuk, how evil do you have to
be...?

-

Supply Administration-SgtG27
Sgt G sends

"Some people dream of success. I live to crush those dreams."

_


A Bushite is an enemy of America

voting machine firm has [HUGE] executive criminal record
http://www.blackboxvoting.org/

Sure, the only guy who supports the DEMON Bush religiously
"wins" a landslide of support.  Despite the fact that Bush
holds MUCH less than 24% support, and murdered thousands in
New York City, and that REAL men hate bushite to death for
warring Humanity without cause but for to murder, rape and
THIEVE.  (only 125,000 people voted in a State that is told
they are critical in corporate media determinations on who
will terrorize my undefended America further - who buys this
C.R.A.P.?  Happy George Norry of course does, and as such,
isn't allowing US to speak any important questions on life and
death.  Why?  Because he's happily into murdering defenseless
innocent children.  He told US so. And his loyal fans, couldn't
care less for THEIR OWN alien offspring, never mind YOUR
forsaken child.)

/ / The only officer charged in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse
scandal has been cleared [...] Jordan said.  "I don't know if
any officer needed to be held accountable [for, for fun,
torturing innocent godly people to death.  Innocent people we
kidnapped - fully confessed] \ \ DIE BUSHITE DIE

Chief Zionist rabbi thanks Bush for 'war against Iraq'
http://www.uruknet.de/?p=3Dm39971&hd=3D&size=3D1&l=3De

/ / "I want to thank you for your support of Israel and in
particular for waging a war against Iraq," Metzger told Bush,
according to the chief rabbi's spokesman.

Bush reportedly answered that the chief rabbi's words "warmed
his heart." \ \

See what evil is my friends?  Zionists are sworn public
enemies of Life and God.

-

Something Crazy Here

/ / Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf has disclosed
that Omar Sheikh, who kidnapped and murdered American
journalist Daniel Pearl and is now facing death penalty, was
actually the British secret Agency MI6 \ \ Mr Zubair was the
lead investigator - Omar Sheikh was reported executed,

[JUST BEFORE BEING MURDERED] BBC had censored Bhutto's remarks
in which she claimed that Omar Sheikh had murdered Osama bin
Laden several years ago.  - Man, imagine if she were
questioned on what info she had based her conclusion, and had
had the story that the BBC wouldn't have reported either.
Again, CBC, CNN et al., are traitors pretending to be open for
communicating the facts.  just like the pro-child killer
traitor George Norry, Ian Punnet, and the evil Art Bell.

/ / Daniel Pearl was kidnapped in Karachi in 2002 and beheaded
by Al Qaeda's number three, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.  Mr Zubair
was the lead investigator \ \

See?  this is why the True American Patriot Soldier bills the
unarrested for TREASON as a self confessed war criminal,
Rommney's "lawless" undie buddie, Cofer Black and partners for
raping American women, kidnapping, torture, and pre-meditated
mass murder.

Mitt's Mercenary Ties
http://blogs.citypages.com/gop/2008/01/mitts_mercenary.php

-

/ / Let me repeat that for emphasis:  The #3 guy at the State
Dept [Marc Grossman] facilitated the immediate release of 911
suspects at the request of targets of the FBI's investigation. \ \

Marc Grossman needs to be immediately arrested without bail
for the crimes of 911 as High Treason.  Along with these guys
to name most the rest ...

103 Suspected 9-11 Criminal Co-conspirators
http://www.whodidit.org/cocon.html

Bushite soldiers on FOXNEWS who mumble disagreement, are
enemies of every American still breathing.

-

"It is clear to me that any error of omission or commission by
Capt.  Stone does not warrant action under the Uniform Code of
Military Justice," Lt.  Gen.  James Mattis wrote.

This TRAITOR women hating child killer, a for sure al-Qaida
operative, "mad dog" Mattis has not been to an actual law
school, and is dumber than the average bush bitch nazi punk,
so what are we suppose to expect from such an enemy of Life
and God?

/ / A one-legged elderly man was shot nine times in the chest
and abdomen.  A man who watched the violence from his roof
across the road told The Washington Post that he heard his
neighbor speak to the Marines in English, begging for the
lives of his wife and children, saying, "I am friend.  I am
good." All the family was killed except one:  13-year-old
Safa.  Naval Criminal Investigative Services further concluded
that the civilians were deliberately targeted \ \ Yet, "Mad
Dog" Mattis states nobody did nothing...  dats cus hees der
jooge..  NCIS or the "mad dog" you decide as dying amerkan
evil doers for the demon antichrist thieves

Be a man.  Bravely support my call for open public debate
today American grunters.

Pentagon Won't Probe KBR [GANG] Rape Charges
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/01/08/pentagon-wont-probe-kbr-_n_80433.ht=
ml

And American men say....  what??  Nothing in defense of their
own women?, like dope pushing BUSHITE NATO refuses too for
Afghans?

-

Corporate News Whores are Evil to All Humans Being

http://thisiszionism.blogspot.com/2008/01/purpose-of-pearlman.html

/ / In spite of being evil geniuses of the internet it never
occurred to anyone in Al Qaeda to put Adam Gadahn into Google.
So unconcerned and trusting is this secretive criminal
uber-gang that they made Mr Pearlman their chief spokesman.  \ \
As this writer stresses, REALIZE:  CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS
with George Norry, the Demon, make no words over it..  Fuk,
George Norry, that pro-child killing bush bitch nazi whore for
the lawless antichrist, who is nationally broadcasted for
blinded dumb amerikans - who as reported, will continue to die
US as his treasonous annunciations.  All by refusing to demand
our interests be defended TRULY - with his BLANTANT demonic
LYING and cheating of the facts to make others believe his
demon con to die further innocents as more murder victims.
Again, the pro-killing of innocent People george norry doesn't
own my voice for Justice, but apparently, he owns amerikans
when he says "We" love to suffer god on a cross as Our
Humanity for his stolen glory - riches - life is easy:  Bush
isn't the lawless antichrist being lawless and so antichrist
like.  No evidence required for American listeners lost to
form THEIR won conclusions with the facts so readily available
as 'unfound'.  George Norry, the child killer will lose, for
he is an evil man, truly evil as opposed to conceiving a
better world through Justice practiced as ourselves.

Israelis Beating Palestinian children with sticks
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DwpPMyQz759k

/ / "Fallujans have now been offered a choice:  hand over the
outsiders or get blown apart by the world's most lethal
killing machine, the [dumfuk enemy of MAN] U.S.  Marines!" \ \
Bill a bushite to save the lives of helpless innocent men,
women, and children of America.

 Heaven Won't Take Marines

LOOK!  The lawless bushite is warring Humanity to bring about
near what was there prior to them attacking..  THINK:  they
are trying to bring about the stability that their continuing
conduct decreases through further LAWLESS rape, theft, and
murder.  Bill a bushite for God and America why don't you do
it to save the atheists for Heaven as all included?  Bushites
are evil enemies of US all my friend, enemies of US all.

/ / At dawn, armed rebels stormed three police stations in the
towns of Haditha and Haqlaniyah, 140 miles northwest of
Baghdad, killing 22 policemen.  Some were lined up and shot
execution-style, police and hospital officials.  Abu Musab
al-Zarqawi, believed headquartered in Fallujah, claimed
responsibility for the attacks on Haditha and Haqlaniyah.  \ \
bushite murdered more than two hundred thousand innocent souls
with a least nine two thousand pound bombs, killing firstly
doctors and nurses, telling the People of Iraq, that Zarqawi
(channel changer Kimmitt admits a total psychop) was a bad guy
worth trying to kill.  Reminder:  Zarqawi would target his own
children, and brag about it for rotten Rumsfeld!  Evil is the
deceived disguised.  Bushite are cop killers as enemies of
freedom for America.  They refuse to enforce the public
execution of those soldiers who kidnapped barefooted children
and beat them to death on video tape.  They refuse to bill
Blackwater for raping American women.  REFUSE, as zionist nazi
enemies of Justice for Humanity.  Kill a bushite to save the
lives of the innocent a lawless bushite enemy targets for
murder.

http://tazkirahonline.blogspot.com/2004_11_01_archive.html

/ / Step 2:  Public relations.  Tell the world the city we are
about to storm has been emptied of civilians:  \ \

Proud bushite enemies of God and Man state:

http://www.forum.militaryltd.com/tun-tavern/m10997-zarqawi-had-close-call-ma=
rines.htm

"Heaven Won't Take Marines and Hell Is Afraid They'll Take Over."

See?  A bushite is an enemy of the Family, who rapes and
murders for the demon antichrist thieves.  Dishonorable to the
core of what it means to be a free man, they die in cowardice,
too afraid to defend what's right as true.  A liar, a thief, a
murderer, that is what a bush whore nazi grunt who states life
must die for as lawlessness.  They war Humanity as bush whore
slaves for the escape of the neocon liars for 911.  (General
Ahmad funded Atta) They support torture by silence, they
support raping women by silence, they support robbing The
Peoples by silence, and they support killing themselves for
FOXNEWS to continue LYING to America about what it costs to be
a bush bitch who chants routinely, "whore yeah, whore yeah"
Death to the bushite, death to the enemies of freedom in
Johnny's America to talk openly with the FACTS absent Coast to
Coast hosts Demonic censorship of American voices as Liberty.

1. The ISI's General, Mahmoud Ahmad funded 911's Atta

2. We have video of iron flowing like water from the towers

Eight U.S. State Department Veterans Challenge the Official Account of
9/11
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_080104_eight_u_s__state_dep=
.htm

Coast to Coast hosts are TRUE traitors to God as our dying
America.  They, like CNN, CBC, and the BBC state they read our
emails, and receive our calls.  But like Art Bell, they just
ignore our concerns to die for their continuing bounties of
lawless tyranny through demonic proxy.  Happy George Norry is
truly a demonic evil force for enslavement of our species.
Sure, he might tell you the NWO is out to get you, BUT, he
will also tell you, you can't do anything about it.
"Truthers" will near tell you the very same thing, again,
absent the two indisputable pieces of evidence, that point
MORE directly at who is personally responsible for closing
criminal investigations; not bin Laden.  Bush and Cheney.  No
no no no!  the "truthers" scream, that would require taking a
stand for freedom against terror, a stand for justice as
America - and Americans would rather die, than admit their
cowardly dying nazi fascist savages for the Zionist Neocon.
Look at the child killer Tatum, pronounced by CNN as a "Hero",
yet, the bushite, (like Judge "mad dog" Mattis,) freely
confesses without remorse to slaughtering defenseless innocent
children at point blank range for his sadistically demonic
pleasures.  And American Gun groups make little of no effort
to identify the culprits, so all of everyone alive can know
where these two true bushite enemies of Humanity can be found
'escaping'.  Never.  Tatum, the child killer will not live in
our world as a "free" bushite, found "innocent" of the crimes
he "freely" confesses to committing against Humanity and God.
Kill a bushite, and be loved by America as True Liberator.

Death to the bushite, death to the enemies of Justice as reason
to believe: The truth shall set US free!

www.newstarget.com/022404.html

/ / HPV Vaccine Hoax Exposed: FDA Documents Reveal HPV "Not
Associated with Cervical Cancer" \ \

http://nw0.info/files/Radio/Alex%20Jones%20Radio%20Archive/2008/January/aj_2=
008-01-02.mp3
(last half hour with newstarget.com)- don't miss Alex going into
godmode earlier either - Wow!

Evil Beyond the Extreme - they want to imprison the dying
American as intelligent while bushite openly murders women.
Women. Support my call to demand open challenge for public
debate. Please, be real.

Bush administration officials KNOW HPV vaccines cause an
INCREASE in Cancer by 44.6% for women, and men of zionist
america refuse to demand Justice for Humanity, or Justice for
Johnny. Demand WE be allowed to debate bushite regarding
this, torture, and 911 for God as Liberty. American
corporations actively attempt to MURDER American women, and
American "Men" refuse to phone someone who cares... Support
Johnny's call to allow truth prevail through American public
debates, or don't you good for nothing evil nazi vermin scums.
In Canada, and the USA, the 'talk' radio circuit promote torture
because blahblahblah - they refuse a real man like Johnny to
speak for public challenge. Not allowing US, The People to
know why torture is irrational as a high crime warranting the
death penalty. With wisdom?, or the dark tyranny of ignorance
through theft and murder? What Art Bell publicly today
advocates without a defensive measured challenge for Justice.

-

The problem with the great Ron Paul is that he goes on an on
about the welfare state, yet, doesn't address the criminality
of hundreds of billions [100s!] stolen by the Bush
Administration through the criminal management of
'un-accountability'. (social security, trillions in STOLEN
"Pork", and the massively currupt lotteries.) Likewise, on who
committed the crimes of 911 is an area he seems unfamiliar
with, considering the decade or so as a returning guest with
Patriot broadcasters like Mr. Jones. Debates are what we need
absent ignorance on what these issues hidden truly cost.
Support my calls to demand I be allowed to contribute to the
dialog. Thanks in advance.

-

Who is al-Qaeda? ISI from Pakistan according to the American FBI!

http://pakistanmartiallaw.blogspot.com/2008/01/bhutto-email-named-killers-we=
eks-before.html

/ / Astonishingly, one of them is a leading intelligence
officer who was officially responsible for protecting Miss
Bhutto from an assassination. \ \

I'm willing to Challenge America to a Presidential Debate on
successes we've achieved as the governed for enlightenment. A
person accused of a criminal offense without any evidence is
innocent. We, as Americans, are appalled at the fact neocons
have been able to steal our authority for so long to take
America DYING into a needless, causeless war, but for to
criminally plunder at the expense of anyone's innocent son or
daughter.

Pro child killer George Norry, enemy of the American soldier,
still blabs about how more must die unjustly for bin Laden
with LIES, knowing full well, video of steel flowing like
water from the WTC exists, and that General Ahmad funded Atta.
George Norry is a traitor to the FBI, who further plans more
to die sacrificed under the censorship of the tyrant
antichrist.

/ / said one company commander to his marines before entering
the heart of the city. "So shoot everything that moves and
everything that doesn't move," he said. \ \

/ / more than 2,118 houses have been completely demolished in
the city of Rafah alone, while 360 citizens have been shot
dead by the Israeli forces in the city. \ \

/ / [the CDC] Misled the public concerning the results of
studies about harm from ingested fluoride. \ \

http://www.naomiklein.org/shock-doctrine

A New America

Bush tells America, it is WE who should be fearful of being
caught innocently, instead of himself personally as a war
monger traitor to Humanity, who closed police investigations
on 911 immediately after the terror action going down.  Again,
even if bush were "just a puppet, just a puppet!!", his
criminal action would just as assuredly, warrant his immediate
arrest for high treason.  Ask any Judge.  then a Jury for Your
verdict on the entire criminal spectacle of mass murderers
escaping the Justice of a New America.

ABCNEWS.com : FBI Called off Terror Investigations
http://abcnews.go.com/sections/primetime/DailyNews/FBI_whistleblowers021219.=
html

`You Will Not Open Criminal Investigations'

George W. Bush "A country that hides something, is a country
that is a.. afraid of being caught."

These naked LIAR enemies who bank to thieve more from Iraq,
Afghanistan and America, must be brought down by Humanity's
ultimate triumph over tyranny through Law. A just law, where
those accused without any evidence are Innocent, and WORTHY
yOur defenses.

Our Mr. Bush Jnr "We do not torture"
Our Mr. Bush Jnr. "Torture is not a part of our soul."

So, those that profligate acts of torture, should be brought
up for charges by the True will of US, The Peoples People
fairly verdicted? Bush should be tried and executed for
ordering the torture of INNOCENT people to death as a capital
mass murderer, a murderer 'escaping' the crime scene leads of
911 as unanswered questions of peace through liberation -
garnered by Justice held indivisible so as the understood
facts.Jack..

The "Shock and Awe" Gallery
http://www.marchforjustice.com/shock&awe.php

The pro-child killing Demon evil enemy neocon George Norry is
a naked traitor to History: "..Show me proof that there are
real demons" Remember: George told US he supported murdering
all of the populated city of Fallujah, forbidden to leave,
because, he said, we might some day pick up a gun. To be
fair, he said he supported murdering all Peoples between the
ages of 15 - 55, (no I.D. required though when blowing up too
the infants and the elderly, as HIS air force Heroes did,
while Art Bell states over and over again, stealing from
murdered innocent others is what America needs to remain
competitive. NO LIE. YOU die as an American for these demon
thieves who refuse America open communications, while Ian
Punnet, George Norry, and Art Bell bask in the fallen
millions. Did you know: Art Bell screens his calls between
breaks, and just lies to everyone with a con so blatant, it's
sickening in it's true treachery. Listen carefully. Death to
the lawless bushite enemies of a Just God, death to the
enemies of Human kind.

Fight Back for Christ Sake God Damn You

http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/fightback316.mp3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/12/fightback316.mp3
http://la.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/fightback316.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/fightback316.mp3
http://www.ntimc.org/attachments/jul2007/fightback316.mp3
http://boston.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/13/fightback316.mp3
http://newmexico.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/fightback316.mp3
http://istanbul.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/fightback316.mp3
http://rochester.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/13/fightback316.mp3
http://pr.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/fightback316.mp3
http://www.stlimc.org/usermedia/audio/13/fightback316.mp3
http://english-cyprus.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/13/fightback316.mp3

'A military judge ruled last week that Watada cannot base his
defense on the war's legality.'

Telling US what?, that it is a crime to not commit a crime?
It isn't only high treason against America the ungodly bushite
are guilty of, but of a madness held by those truly Satanic..

-

/ / Anonymous said...

Impeach them all for constantly violating our rights.
They violate the 1st Amendment by opening mail, caging demonstrators
and banning books like "America Deceived" from Amazon.
They violate the 2nd Amendment by confiscating guns during Katrina.
They violate the 4th Amendment by conducting warrant-less wiretaps.
They violate the 5th and 6th Amendment by suspending habeas corpus.
They violate the 8th Amendment by torturing.
They violate the entire Constitution by starting 2 illegal wars based
on lies and on behalf of a foreign gov't. \ \

Easier approach to getting officially "started", is if we
consider the unmovable anchor issues as outstanding regarding
the 911 questions ever yet, publicly stated in regards to how
the event actually went down. Remember: Bush and Cheney
worked diligently, directly after the terror trifecta
occurring, to close current police investigations regarding
the case of mass murder in Johnny's New York City.
Suspicious? you say no, treason that is!, the treason of naked
blind tyranny against freedom to be ourselves.

IMPEACH TRAITOR BUSH AND CHENEY NOW !

-

/ / In the intervening period, major US and European banks have
written off some $90 billion in subprime-linked investments \ \

So, People didn't have to lose their homes?? No, it's just
for the bank hedger to private off to the Islands, while
passing US gamer credits for playing us as the losing winer
"WINNERS!!!" going absent our homes because 'they' committed
us to more fraudulent behavior. Why is America paying for
bank fraud committed, instead of those personally responsible
still 'getting away..." with trillions..? TRILLIONS!!! Who
owe's who here as a mathematical impossibility anyway? My
America apparently... Get me into the Presidential Debate for
our single cause: justice for All. King You ..>.. Johnny is
Great,. thou. !.! ! Let's do this.


 Wizard Fool of Folklore Fellow

The Wizard Fool of Folklore Fellow, acclaimed the world around
as, the guy with a few good plans - I bring you I.. for, we
is the greatest bringing since we believed today is the day to
try and start something.. Checking checking.. Is this?.?

http://www.indybay.org/uploads/2007/12/21/free_market_rules.mp3
http://boston.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/2/Free_Market_Rules.mp3
http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://miami.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
https://israel.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/7/free_market_rules.mp3
http://atlanta.indymedia.org/files/audio/Free_Market_Rules.mp3
http://peru.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://venezuela.indymedia.org/media/2007/12//13572.mp3
http://argentina.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://istanbul.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://newmexico.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://www.ntimc.org/attachments/dec2007/free_market_rules.mp3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://la.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/12/free_market_rules.mp3
http://www.stlimc.org/usermedia/audio/7/free_market_rules.mp3

People: I am your Leader commanding you to take action to
save ourselves. Pick up a phone and call someone to care
about this sacrifice of liberty to tyranny for the Bushmob
version of 'paradise' by FEMA. We want accountability.
Arrests most specifically. Listen, I want to participate in
the Presidential Debates. Get me in there.. come on.. I'm
taking over the World. John Brain's the name, and fooling the
game. Who's in? To think: wow man, Johnny, the boy wonder,
and God - as science to the core of the unknown we bring we to
say, Man, we are Being kinda foolish to our reason for being
here. I mean to discuss things.. oh yeah, right, King me.
Join the Human race to reach a new world of intelligent
development through design thought out us understood, not
faithed in blindly, so some private wall street banker can
walk away with our lives through leveraging the market by
ignorance. A Hedge Fund manager can "earn" a salary exceeding
1.5 billion dollars. Something there just isn't right, isn't
right. It's an issue relevant to our current circumstances.
Circumstances that should carry more interest than an Alien
from another world not Johnny though... anyone but Johnny
America..

Get serious, I state my case, and I state it well.

Fight Back for Life to Win Humanity's Demands

Fight back for Life to Win against the national broadcasters
like George Norry, CNN, and FOXNEWS that willingly forbid US
to know what we need to know to defend ourselves from deathly
terrorism. Video of iron flowing like water from the 911
towers exists for viewing, and, Al-Qaida =3D General Mahmoud
Ahmad, So, pro-repuglicons want to see YOU die first as the
Innocent forsaken, before allowed the right to defend freedom
to the last bushite breathing. Death to the bushite, death to
the enemies of Freedom for Humanity.

http://groups.google.com/group/soc.culture/browse_thread/thread/4368d46dd0f6=
1446

/ / Destroying enemy bushite is a gift to Humanity, it is
 saying you care for the lives of the innocent a bush
 bitch nazi grunt freely confesses to targeting for
 murder. Liars are the bushite, who steal Iraqi
 resources, allow racists and rapists to commit their
 demon crimes in America's name un-challenged, and who
 absent mindedly bomb the innocent without just reason
 given.\ \

America Wins, Neocons Go to Prison.

US officer "upset" Iraqi suspects taken alive, court hears
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=3D/news/2007/03/14/wsoldier11=
4.xml

/ / they had been told to kill all military-aged males
[around the age of 15, could be ten wearing girl clothes],
a court was told Tuesday. \ \ A bushite is an enemy of Life.

Come on now, who wouldn't take great joy in destroying any and
all such ungodly bushite hatred for Humanity in this light of
day, eh? Kill a bushite traitor to America for Christ.

Remember: not publicly executed child killer Tatum, is a hero
by CNN "American" standards.

/ / The complaint sets out how Stefanowicz and Johnson and other
CACI employees directed soldiers to give prisoners the "special
treatment," which was code for making naked prisoners to crawl
back and forth over rough concrete until they were bloodied and
unable to move. The complaint also alleges CACI, working with
others, wrongfully killed Ibrahiem Neisef Jassem, Hussain Ali
Abid Salin, and Ahmed Satar Khamass. \ \

Americans pay their taxes for such demon crimes against the
Godly innocent to theive from. The antichrist's America sucks.

Neocon Frank Gaffney on MSNBC '[but] The torture saved American
lives!'
Prove it to US, or die rightly as demon LYING traitor to God
and Man in johnny's America.

Repuglicon Kit Bond "It's like swimming!"

Again, these demon fuks, know the bushmob did 911, and laugh
at Your death for their continuing criminal bounties of
treason against our silenced to die forsaken America. Support
my rise to acknowledge our weakness of communicating truths
held indivisible.

IOF Missile Strike Targets Bethlehem Manger, Killing at least 12
http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com/node/5075

/ / The mother, known only as "Mary", was killed, along with her
baby child. \ \

See?, demons exist!

More settlers videos: "We killed Jesus, we are proud of it!"
http://www.uruknet.de/?p=3Dm30420&hd=3D&size=3D1&l=3De

Now, see.. wouldn't YOU hate those that hate GOD as ourselves?
No, America is going to give these monsters millions in 'free'
cash to murder and thieve more. Just like an ungodly bushite,

 You Better Watch Out

God is coming to town for bushite nasties on his sled of make
believe. A halted bushite, is a mercy on our souls, in
defense of ourselves the innocent. The innocent that a
'lawless' bushite holds for ransom in pain dying. Hell hath
no fury like that held against the bushite enemy, a savage
zionist criminal waging war against Life as our shared
Universe, 'escaping' those who personally carried out 911.
Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Condi, and Myers as topped suspects.
Other 911ers will tell you no no no, it's impossible to
apprehend them all, for the arrows can go on for never. Bush
personally closed criminal investigations on 911 immediately
after the terrorist event of no questions occurring. The Bush
administration were well aware of their PERSONAL dealings with
the Taliban prior to the "Pearl Harbor" event conveniently
occurring. And they were all most certainly aware of the
plans in place to: within weeks, invade Afghanistan for Enron
to stave off criminal proceedings. Walla! Johnny G wills
every able bodied man, woman, and child to defend ourselves
against bushite that indiscriminately murder ourselves for
cash profit. Stolen profit. Ours. By the Will of US
alrighty, we shall recognize...

The King Has Arrived

Look, let's "say" Peter Power didn't do the crime he did, and
told us so for our own benefit, it would still SUIT Peter
Power for him to be arrested immediately for the crimes of
7/7. For it is Peter that alleged HE was running terror
drills at the same time and locations of those that murdered
many good people from London. London England. Privately,
with his bud at Scotland Yard he's saying. I'm sorry, all
Bobbies do not want to kill indiscriminately so Peter Power
will score a few extra BILLION dollars to hypno mug us to say
we can't find'em no matter how hard we look.[*ILLUM I NATII*].
Americans are just poorly being spoken for, by those who lack
the skills to win justice denied from the average Joe who
knows so. So...

Americans. I am your leader. True, and skilled at the art of
leaving it all up to US. Equals. That means the Taliban are
warring in the defense of women, in defense of children, and
in the defense of America. Now in Afghanistan, NATO leaves
the nation undefended without a police force, since, the
bushite murdered all the cops as acts of evil, leaving the
tribes to hash it out together but alone near starving.
Remember: the bushmob stole the emergency food from
Afghanistan as a carrot, and in it ate our diplomatic dialog,
while directly closing outstanding criminal investigations.
While then blaming bin Laden single handedly pulling off the
entire show without US knowing how so. Explosives were set by
Laden?, for example?

Now, when any men gather for gaining liberty through acting
for defensive purposes, their labeled "Taliban", translated:
Students. The bushite war with heroin pushers who sell their
illegal drugs on our streets, putting people in prison for
maybe 25 years as a felony third conviction. Do you know how
many charges in California are called felonies, for the simple
fact, that smoking a joint, can get you 25 to life? Sold to
you by your, making it real illiterate brother, who was always
stoned away living and dying in the movies so... Everyone
media popular jokes or confesses to smoking pot in the movies,
yet, some of US are expected to go to jail for a lifetime,
because we can't seem to get together to make a fuss. We have
to change laws on pot. In Amsterdam, legalization has brought
addict levels down for it's publicly recognized there humanely
as a weakness to overcome. Heroin I mean, pot is great!

A Dying God

Look, these soldiers who war for enemy Bush are not warring
for freedom as Justice for Ourselves.

Evidence is Everything

there is more than enough supporting impeachment of washington
insiders, but the news media refuses to say so to defend our
dying interests.

Let's demand CNN, BBC and CBC respect our interests by
publicly advocating accountability in respect to the terrorist
acts of 911. Their position of neutrality is unwarranted in
respect for our victimized selves due to indiscriminate
warfare. The Iraq war has no legitimate cause, for they are
warring to bring about an end to what they started/starting.
Nazi fascist Cowards, as enemies to every man woman and child
speaking.

Christ praises all men who bill the bushite thieving
terrorists who war God and country to criminally escape the
neocon traitors for the crimes of 911. Al-Qaida =3D General
Mahmoud Ahmad. Die bushite die.

A Zionist Concentration Camp for Jews and Gentiles

/ / Gaza is dependent on Israel for electricity and water
services, a legacy of Israeli occupation of Gaza that ended in
2005. Israel bounds Gaza on two sides and holds almost total
control over imports and exports through legitimate border
crossings. The six-month blockade [...] \ \ AIPAC are making
a killing on being evil to innocent others still I see..

WE HATE bushite to death I do, see?, wouldn't you as anywho
too? Think about it. Dying as a slave to the demon
antichrist, or live for a better future by demanding: Justice
IS Freedom. We want to be Just for ourselves to be believed
in. We, The people, want true accountability.

Bush Threatens To Veto Bill That Bans Torture
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2007/12/13/bush-threatens-to-veto-bi_n_76770.h=
tml

See how these DEMONS play? Torturing innocent people to death
for the pleasures of a bushite liar, already warrants the
death sentence in America. It's like lawless bushite nazi
savages spying on innocent Justice loving Americans, "Just" to
see what your doing, IS illegal, now.. well.. YOU decide as
the 'made' uniformed. Make a phone call for freedom you lazy
amerkan fuks. Ian Punnet says the towers fell naturally, and
George Norry reports we got to get bin Laden.. blahblahblah.
They know America is dying and couldn't care much less with
all the laughing and cheering at YOUR expense. See.. You die
in this scenario, and when your dead and gone, we don't want
to hear your lost to indifference soul echo on, how we've
forsaken you when all hope was gone. I've done everything
imaginable with my severely limited funds, and received barely
a whisper of thanks, never mind a dollar or two to stave off
my hunger pangs. All success requires is for YOU to Realize,
YOU have rights here too my brothers and sisters. Please be a
friend, in not an enemy. G-D is miraclously in our need to
save our selves of needless murder. All dying but to only
enrich war mongering criminals of the TV decreed. A war
criminal like George Walker Bush that CNN stay undecided with.

America is truly dying by criminal command executed by traitor
Bush. I call a Veto for Bush as our going down for good
lawless Dictator. Nobody is lawless. The bushmob needs to be
arrested for treason on 911.

New World Orders - The King Has Spoken

http://www.indybay.org/uploads/2007/11/07/new_world_orders.mp3
http://www.omahaimc.org/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3
http://rochester.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3
http://pr.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3
http://venezuela.indymedia.org/media/2007/11//11310.mp3
http://la.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3
http://baltimore.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
http://chapelhill.indymedia.org/attachments/nov2007/new_world_orders.mp3
http://boston.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/13/New_World_Orders.mp3
http://newmexico.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3
http://indymedia.org.nz/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3
http://english-cyprus.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
http://alacant.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
https://israel.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3svvjhz.mp=
3
http://images.indymedia.org/imc/seattle/media/2007/11/262594.mp3
http://www.stlimc.org/usermedia/audio/5/new_world_orders.mp3
http://www.phillyimc.org/media/2007/11//43188.mp3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/11/new_world_orders.mp3

 Oath to God

The bushite took an Oath to God and country to defend America
from war criminals, and instead, as cowardly neocon bush
bitches, commit war crimes of theft and mass murder against
the great Iraqi People. A soldier in the air force, is a
dishonorable nazi savage, worthy the death sentence for
assisting in bombing Humanity indiscriminately as zionist
enemies of Christ, attempting to destroy Johnny's America with
their provable DEMONIC LIES. Death to the bushite enemies of
Life, who lawlessly war Creation with torture and slavery to
'escape' the neocons for 911. Your magic TV exec excuses
don't mean squat when the facts are so readily available. But
a bushite don't read, or write, or think freedom. Zionist
enemies of ALL Our humanity, murder to believe US won't ever
hunt them down by Law to defend ourselves over. Hammurabi
LAWS to bill the false capital accusers first, and everything
else will fall into place. [note: Hammurabi founded
Civilization.]

 Christ Begs America

If there is ever a reason Christ begs Americans to joyously,
with pride, bill a bushite terrorist enemy of God, it is with
the actions General Sattler took in murdering more than
200,000 defenseless innocent people in Fallujah. At youtube
you can see and hear these grunts cheering "whore yeah" in
praises to the demon antichrist, while committing horrendous
war crimes Nazi Germany would have been proud to see the
bushite die for. They walk through the city, killing every
woman and child they find hidden. No Joke: first strike
targets - Health Care Clinics. I am serious. [during the
Nuremberg war crime trials, German Judges confessed with
plenty of paper work, such action by Nazis would have
warranted immediate death sentences] I have written on the
demonic action of godless bushite of the antichrist for years
while begging Humanity in joining We in hunting these demons
down one by one for the glory and love of GOD, but, was not
directly aware of all the video testifying the true will of US
and God in demanding the destruction of bushite brayers to
defend freedom as Life for everyone. Including America.
check out youtube. These proud bushite child killers, can not
be allowed to freely walk our Earth, after lawlessly murdering
so many for nothing but to please the antichrist enemy of all
humans Being. All the while chanting monotonously "whore
yeah, whore yeah" Death to the bushite heroin pushers, death
to those who war God's World indiscriminately with NATO,
Sattler, Mattis, and Blount to escape the neocon zionists for
the treasonous unholy crimes of 911 back in New York City,
where thousands of whomever Americans, were murdered don't you
know?

Demonic U.S. Soldiers Torment Iraqi Kids With a Water Bottle
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Dm9A_vxIOB-I

Can not even an American scream mercy for ourselves as "The
People"? Bill a bushite demon enemy for the love of children
everywhere. While demanding emergency water, food, and
medicines be trucked in by the plane load. Do it or truly die
American, do it or die. Christ grows angry with Americans who
refuse to even pick up their phones to express outrage, it's
as if, Americans, er.. I guess amerikans, couldn't care less
for our dying Humanity. Support our rise for debate worldwide
my friends, worldwide. America sucks.

Exit strategy: Outlaw lawlessness. Murder, rape, and the
thieving of billions from America as STILL wrong.

"I told him, there's women and kids in that room," Lance Cpl.
Humberto M. Mendoza said of Lance Cpl. Stephen B. Tatum.
Tatum's response was, "Well, shoot them,"

Remember: CNN reports that Tatum is a Hero!

-

'We were torturing people for no reason'
http://www.iht.com/articles/2007/03/28/opinion/edmckelvey.php

HEROES? - HEROES? - HEROES? - HEROES? - HEROES? - HEROES?

The Ground Truth
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article15319.htm

The part where pro-bush "American" soldiers drive over
children to kill them for fun, all because they say our
Humanity let's those responsible escape retribution for being
Satanically evil as enemies to Christ, left me angered beyond
words. While CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS couldn't care less for
those children love by our Humanity. Get me in the news my
brothers and sisters, and I'll make the best of it. Just
do it. Fear not for my life loves, fear for your life left
to silently die in contempt of Yourself.

To Our Patriotic American Lovers of Justice and Freedom

http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/07/justice_for_christ_in_america.mp3
http://newmexico.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/justice_for_christ_in_america=
.mp3
http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/justice_for_christ_in_america.m=
p3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/07/justice_for_christ_in_am=
erica.mp3
http://www.stlimc.org/usermedia/audio/8/justice_for_christ_in_america.mp3
http://chicago.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/8/justice_for_christ_in_america=
.mp3
https://israel.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/8/justice_for_christ_in_america=
.mp3
http://austin.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/8/justice_for_christ_in_america.=
mp3
http://arizona.indymedia.org/uploads/justice_for_christ_in_america.mp3
http://istanbul.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/justice_for_christ_in_america.=
mp3
http://boston.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/3/Justice_for_Christ_in_America.=
mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/07/justice_for_christ_in_america=
.mp3
http://www.indymedia.no/usermedia/audio/8/justice_for_christ_in_america.mp3

EVIL LIARS? Yup, demon evil.

/ / A record number of soldiers -- 109 -- have killed themselves this
year \ \

We know the deaths are at least, 140 a week. When bushites die, Life
cheers in joy over the saving of some innocent girls and boys. A good
bushite is a dead bushite, halted from victimizing god as Ourselves.

Supporters of Evil
http://mparent7777-2.blogspot.com/2007/12/supporters-of-evil.html

/ / Withdraw your support entirely from those who perpetrate
and make excuses for evil. \ \

I'd like to see Americans enforce the law of the land, and
advocate the public execution of those responsible for
torture. Again, the TV celebs pretend there is actually some
possible meritable argument to support these truly demonic
actions as criminal. Bushite have admittingly kidnapped
innocent people, then tortured them to death for the pleasures
of doing so, 'knowing' also, that they couldn't be held
accountable to US, the human species. All for hating us so as
loved by Life. They say, we're too weak to stand for
freedom's defense against naked tyranny - While Johnny says
otherwise: Death to those who advocate torture in war time,
for there is no legitimate argument, but for the practice of
censorship to understand why the Laws against torture have
never failed for defense, but, for the treasonous actions of a
Bill O'Really, who recently reported internationally that the
majority of Americans support torture, because it means....
blahblahblah -- Bill Bill. For, it warrants the death
sentence in America. Still. Bushite are the enemies of US
all my friends, enemies of US all.


Stranger in a strange land,

Johnny Wizard

-

Bush "Iran has openly declared that it seeks nuclear weapons."

/ / "Iran was dangerous, Iran is dangerous, and Iran will be
dangerous if they have the knowledge necessary to make a
nuclear weapon," Bush told a White House news conference.

Hello!?!? Has everybody forgotten that Bush has already given
the secrets of building an atomic bomb not only to Iran, but
to every evil empire in the world? \ \

www.whitehouse.gov is where the plans to build your very own
nuke were offered for download! Bush sure is seriously evil
in just about everything he does when you think about it, no?
It's like, he really truly wants to wipe out America, and, er..
he's the bogus President, as stated to be led by a Christ with
nothing to say!! ! ...sometimes you just gotta laugh. Die
bushite die.

-

Expos=E9 - The bushite liar is an enemy of Humanity as a thief and
traitor

Sayan Sarkozy joins the "There is no NIE" club.
http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=3D1196847320451&pagename=3DJPost%=
2FJPArticle%2FShowFull

Look, there is no evidence.. .. ! So, they can not truly
believe their therefore false allegations. But as demonic
liars, they intend to murder the innocent as enemies to G-D to
thieve further from our precious resources. All because
Americans refuse to demand open challenge through
international debate with Johnny against neoconner TRAITOR
George Norry. Again, no soldiers appose me publicly speaking,
Look for yourself. While George is all into murdering
innocent children for cash profit, knowing honorable but
deeply ignorant American teen soldiers WILL die as evil doers
in collateral for HIS personal contempt. George Norry is a
traitor to freedom to be a Patriot American. Death to the
neocon GOD betrayers who con to escape the war criminals
responsible for 911 through the censorship of our voices for
accountability. Death to the bushite, death to the enemies of
Man. Death to the torturers of innocent people, death to the
enemies of Christ in America. Thank you to the fathers,
brothers, and sons who have helped die off more than a hundred
and fifty per week as 'suicides'. Bushites are enemies to
freedom as justice wills a demand of evidence to form our
conclusions regarding a capital offense. Death to the
'lawless' bushite traitors, death to the enemies of a love for
a Just God never ending. Make the call, be a man.

Israel--Above the Law? or No Law
http://mparent7777-2.blogspot.com/2007/12/israel-above-law-or-no-law.html

/ / In that case, anyone in the entire world that cries [as
the innocent] for freedom and justice for all is a security
threat to [the ungodly evil zionist] Israel. \ \

http://physics911.net/

Support our calls for open debate on our international
channels of state. CBC, CNN, BBC and FOXNEWS specialists, are
warring our lives by forbidding US speaking for freedom's
stake. "A free man shall not be imprisoned" is not ideology,
it is the freedom to be freely communicated. To except CNN
and FOXNEWS is unbiased when it comes to kidnapping and
torture, war criming and poisonings, is to except corporate
news interests do not serve the interests of defending US, the
dying forsaken public. The waves are ours. Let Johnny speak
for public challenge on Coast to Coast.

http://revcom.us/a/111/iraq-en.html

/ / "But they
killed him, and his wife and daughters," Fahmi said. The
girls were ages 14, 10, 5, 3 and 1. \ \

Again, Lt. Gen. James N. Mattis, the women and child
killer, is the American 'Judge' appointed by the bushmob to
delineate good from evil on this matter of fully confessed
indiscriminate murdering. Again, thieving bushite dope
pushers, don't hunt the terror group Aegis, no instead, drop
bombs on innocent families, to die in collateral as cowards to
tyranny. As so planned by the Pentagon's P2OG. Defend
America's America, by supporting the arrest for global public
trials of the criminal Bush regime, the evil neocons for the
crimes of 911. Please, bill a bushite like "mad dog" Mattis
to save an America where innocents are defended from the
enemies of Justice. The enemies of God. CNN, CBC, and
FOXNEWS is not doing our jobs by reporting blindly lawless
bushite thieves for the antichrist are heroes. For starters:
Al-Qaida =3D General Mahmoud Ahmad, and, bombs dropped as the
air forces of NATO kill innocent people by criminal intention
carried out by bushite demon liars waving our stolen flags.

CIA photos 'show UK Guantanamo detainee was tortured'by demon
enemies of freedom for America
http://news.independent.co.uk/world/americas/article3239372.ece

/ / identified the existence of photographs taken by CIA
agents that they say show their client suffered horrific
injuries under torture. \ \ The torture of innocent people
they kidnapped. Death to the bushite criminals, death to the
enemies of Justice in God to believe. Man. Fuk. Kill a
bushite for Christ why don't you?

 STAND UP

Demand open line communications to defend Freedom through Justice

 Al-Qaida =3D General Mahmoud Ahmad

Defend freedom, and the FBI, by demanding Coast to Coast radio
hosts allow free communications, absent their personal
contempt for preserving freedom to be our America.

Peter Power needs to be arrested immediately for the London
bombings, as does the bushmob for the crimes of 911. CNN,
CBC, and FOXNEWS are enemies of all Soldiers dying for our
failures to speak freely. Molten metal flowing
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DNIswdgeU0I8

http://mediamatters.org/items/200702260008

/ / Wash. Post parroted White House claim that Iraq war was
authorized by U.N. Security Council \ \

Treason charges must be sought against zionist reporters who
LIE with such blatant disregard for your freedom in America.

=2EI guess a soldier's word doesn't count for much in bushville.

The bushmob did 911 as traitors to God and Country, don't you
know anything worth living for? my dying unjustly brothers
and sisters? My friends, please fear not wisdom communicated
by a REAL Man, for, we explain ourselves to the best of YOUR
ability to listen simply. G. W. Bush used no evidence to
form America's "conclusion" on who did US wrong on 911. So,
Please, stop forsaking yourself, for, we're going nowhere.
Support Johnny's call to demand open debate without censorship
from the magic radio and TV execs, who hide in darkness,
pretending to be our friends, while refusing intelligent
dialog to answer any of our big troubles easily. Why?
because largely, they're powerless without beating us down as
giving 'Christ like' VICTIM so much - with their irrational
ignorance for our survivals by the fittest. The fittest Ideas
that rule this Universe, are the simplest, most easy to
understand, but I digress about GOD'S greatness, for we know,.
the corporate media elites as our voice, "Couldn't Care Less".

/ / U.S. Marines are said to have killed as many as eight
unarmed Iraqi prisoners when U.S. forces attacked Fallujah in
November of 2004. \ \

HA! Trying to ignore the murder of more than 200,000 People
as if OUR lives have no real meaning. WE KNOW they murdered
everyone they could in around between 15-55, but went ahead
gunning for infants and the elderly too under Sattler. Look
it up. Death to the demonic bushite LIARS, death to the
enemies of Man, so says the Son to God as Man to men - kill
the dishonorable bushite enemy and be Loved by all as Savior.

Did You Know: the LIAR bushite ENEMY is warring Freedom to
bring about what was there prior to them criminally invading?

Dying.

Italian President: Intel Agencies Know 9/11 An Inside Job
http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread319151/pg1

Demand America Take our Calls for Justice as All.

http://www.larouchepac.com/news/2007/12/05/lavrov-there-no-proof-iran-ever-h=
ad-nuclear-program.html

/ / Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, [..] said Dec.5
there was no proof Iran ever had a weapons program, as claimed
in the U.S. report. \ \

The Great Johnny

Look, do you want to defeat the bad guys, or not? Bush gave
US zero evidence to form our free thoughts on the 911 Justice
issue. Treason. Simple.

TV Lieutenant General Tom Mc Inerney ~ "We must be ruthless,
especially in the area of collateral damage," in a city where
the population of near 300,000 has been forbidden to leave.
WE'LL then lie to the Grunts, that we are there to get
Zarqawi to defend Iraqis, but instead, we'll murder all the
Peoples indiscriminately by bushite bombers, and like magic,
more GIs will die lawlessly for war criminals to profit the
zionist neocons forever. The anti-Americans, haters of Life
as Glorious, now, who's with me?? Eh?? Who?

Yours naturally,
The Great Johnny

/ / Allegations of forced labor [SLAVERY], lousy treatment of
workers and beatings struck me as something that should rise
to the level of torture at Abu Ghraib. \ \

 Christ in America

LOOK, BUSH DOCTORED THE NIE TO CON AMERICA TO DIE AS TRAITORS

How Bush misled the world
http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2004/02/05/1075853996640.html

/ / Once the document was declassified after the war it became
known that it contained 40 caveats - including 15 uses of
"probably", all of which had been removed from the previously
published version.  \ \

Doesn't the TREASONOUS bushmob deserve a sentence or two for this?

DEMON LIAR George W. Bush "And we gave him a chance to allow the
inspectors in, and he wouldn't let them in."

President Clinton disagreed with taking the country to war in Iraq
without allowing the weapons inspectors to finish their jobs,"

Operation Iraqi Freedom Exposed:
Bush Negotiates Permanent Presence in Iraq
http://www.commondreams.org/archive/2007/12/03/5567/

-

www.ifamericansknew.org - check out the vid links here on
American paid for, ungodly war criminals attacking women and
children with chants against love and G-D.

/ / 0 Israeli homes have been demolished by Palestinians and
4,170 Palestinian homes have been demolished by Israel since
September 29, 2000.  \ \

Israelis do this as a true political expression of hatred for
G-D as Humanity.  They need me.

-

CNN Nov 2007
- the treasonous commi propaganda outfit designing to KILL more
Americans

/ / the speaker claims sole responsibility for the September 11, 2001,
\ \

Yeah, but, how did Laden, with his bulky dialysis machine, get
the explosives into building seven then?  Or, convince Bush to
close all investigations to uncover who was singly involved?
Never mind, go about doctoring the NIE from within the Grey
House.  Blahblahblah - bushites are as evil as they are dumb.

On Nov 29, 2:06 pm, mike3 <mike4...@yahoo.com> wrote:
> On Nov 29, 12:59 pm, Release the Press <Release_the_Pr...@hotmail.com>

> > Why would god will the destruction of life for a criminal thief?
>
> <snip>
>
> God didn't will it. Man willed it.

Well, a criminal willed the murder of another, and now it
thinks it can't be arrested because it says for US to do so,
would be anti-Jew.  And no, I'm sure Johnny would word it in
today's climate, arresting a murderer for murder.  See?  A
true "Jewish State" would be one where all people were treated
fairly, as the actions of a peoples who believed in God as
holy an' righteous.  Not thieving terrorists killing people to
steal further from our good graces.

-

http://www.foreignaffairs.org/20060301faessay85202/paul-r-pillar/intelligenc=
e-policy-and-the-war-in-iraq.html

/ / "As the national intelligence officer for the Middle East,
I was in charge of coordinating all of the intelligence
community's assessments regarding Iraq," Pillar writes.  "The
first request I received from any administration policy-maker
for any such assessment was not until a year into the war." \ \

REAL LEADERSHIP

Treat people fairly. Israel's zionist government is UNGODLY.

Why would god will the destruction of life for a criminal thief?

Nato probes Afghan 'bomb deaths'
Nato bombing kills 14 construction workers in Afghanistan
14 killed in Nato bomb error - blahblahblah

Look, anyone who apposes NATO, is a real human being with
feelings.  They have only murdered innocent people, to help
escape the criminals responsible for 911.  They push dope,
they oppress women, and they defend religious fundamentalism,
all by supporting the northern Alliance pro-bush anti-gods
without question.  Look at this pro-freedom Johnny character
who speaks TRUTHS for example:

Destroying America - The Tyranny of Freedom Left Dying Alone

CNN with happy George Norry destroys American soldiers by
forbidding US to knowing of General Ahmad, and of WTC iron
flowing like water.  CNN with George Norry destroys American
children by forbidding US to knowing mercury causes
neurological damage - instituted through threatening false
arrest as irrational.  CNN with George Norry destroys America
by forbidding US to fight for just causes to defend our dying
as robbed forsaken families.  Like pensions, mortgages, and
lotteries.  Please support my demands for US to be heard.
Please do it for yourself.  CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS repeatedly
report they take our calls, while clearly they refuse.  Truth
means they lose as the elite war mongering liar thieves, and
we win as liberators who take our concerns seriously.  Will
you try to save your soul when it's all over then?  Why not
make a call now for your dying self?  Please do not leave God
to die, as the love for yourself lost to personal
indifference.

Catholic Bishop: 9-11 was inside job
http://thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?ID=3D7580

/ / They [the demon antichrist forces of evil] may well be
plotting another 9-11." \ \

/ / Bush and the State Department are silent when a [pro-Bush]
Saudi court orders a woman who was gang raped to a punishment
of 200 lashes and six months in jail, \ \

Peace "talks" with these enemies of Allah?  Again, Condi, the
demon whore, speaks nothing but contempt for human rights,
yet, orders the bombing of Lebanon with more than SEVEN
MILLION LAND MINES, all to be able to say, she hates US to
death with MASS MURDER for 'democracy'.  Think:  she was NEVER
elected for squat.

-

Disgraced General Who Pushed for Torture in Iraq Is Now a Spokesman
for Democrats?

-

Coerced Vaccinations of Schoolchildren

/ / Prince George's County Public Schools received $11,325 per
student [they criminally attack as bushite demon liars] per
year!  \ \

-

I, Johnny Wizard, in the city of Winnipeg, Province of Manitoba
MAKE OATH AND SAY:


1.

Pakistani ISI Director General Ahmad orders an aide to wire
transfer about $100,000 to hijacker Atta. Ahmad later resigns
after the transfer is disclosed in India and confirmed by the
FBI. [Dawn, 10/8/01, Times of India, 10/9/01, Wall Street
Journal, 10/10/01, AFP, 10/10/01]


2.

On March 3, 2002, MSNBC's Jim Miklaszewski reported that he
had received anonymously, top secret presidential war strategy
documents dated September 9th, 2001, originating from
Condoleezza's office, outlining a strategy to invade
Afghanistan premised on blaming bin Laden a terrorist, but
providing no evidence to back up the allegation, thereby,
securing criminal invasion.

then the demon enemies of America, closed outstanding criminal
investigations..

Investigating the Investigation

http://www.alternet.org/story.html?StoryID=3D17816

 "Did the vice president call you and urge you not to
investigate the events of Sept. 11?" Daschle flatly
contradicted Cheney: "Yes, he did, Tim,"

This criminal action clearly
warrants the death sentence through war crime trials. Bushite
nazis deserve to die by the rights of American law. Why is
torture evil corporate america asks no one? "Fu ck y o u" was
the censored response from the innocent man up on the cross.

Again, these bushite demons can be easily defeated by the
power of wisdom, but coast to coast radio hosts are doing
another, 'who cares'? about US dying for a great evil
spectacle. While YOU, as alien American are TRULY losing for
George Walker Bush's continuing criminal intelligence through
bad design excepted blindly without questions, as thoroughly
rejected since law came to Be. But SEE? CNN, CBC, and
FOXNEWS bush bitch nazi WHORES couldn't care less if we
measured; they have millions to sell you out for death once
again to the non-competioned thief bidders of treason without
reason. Look, if you know of 'it', then why torture
ourselves?, sadistically evil nazi dumfuk grunt, of the demon
antichrist enemy of all our Humanity Johnny America asks truth
fully?

Stephen King "let's waterboard Jenna Bush"


 CIVIL WAR IN ISRAEL ?? JEW AGAINST JEW ???
http://desertpeace.blogspot.com/2007/11/civil-war-in-israel-jew-against-jew.=
html

/ / he told him that his remarks had contributed to "sinat
chinam" (hating for no reason) and have given a bad reputation
to the movement's prayer houses and places of Torah study, \ \

Not Jews against Jew my friend, NOT JEW. Support G-D'S return
to Israel to destroy the enemy zionist nazis by the will of
YOU.

-

Aliens, the New World Order, and Bigfoot

Look, CNN and FOXNEWS forbid Americans to know, families are
threatened with arrest for not agreeing to cause neurological
damage to their children. Will YOU make same demands by
refusing US to discuss these matters openly?, or will you side
to remain silent while my America dies undefended? Support my
rise to popular acclaim. Johnny America wants to speak on the
coast to coast radio network for freedom as justice. Make it
happen man.

20,000 Brain Injuries Left Off Iraq Wounded List
http://www.usatoday.com/news/military/2007-11-22-braininjuries_N.htm

Heroin Smuggled in Body Bags of GIs Reported by Military Eye Witness
http://www.wanttoknow.info/militarysmuggledheroin

Support our rise in America for OPEN COMMUNICATIONS.

EMERGENCY BROADCAST - America is Seriously Wrong

http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/november2007/191107_vaccine_waiver.htm

Color of Law?

Look, families are threatened with arrest for not agreeing to
cause neurological damage to their children. The cause for
why their children are not in school, is not the parents
fault, but the unlawful decision by the health authority to
not allow the children in school. So, arresting the parents
is irrational, for, it is the school authority that has
disallowed the children an education. So, arrest those that
refused children Justice. If anyone.

http://rss.nfowars.net/20071118_Sun_Alex.mp3

Notice, Alex takes no alarm against the criminal perpetrator!

BUT,.! what a great interview ! ! ! - Alex Jones is clearly,
one of the greatest - no mistake. Worth listening to. True, a
little dumdum about economics and justice sometimes, but still,
worth learning from.

Dishonest Reporting And Iran's Centrifuges
http://cernigsnewshog.blogspot.com/2007/11/dishonest-reporting-and-irans.htm=
l

/ / That means - it is impossible for Iran to use these 3,000
centrifuges and their product to secretly make a nuclear
weapon. \ \

-

The Whole Truth - Christ Claims Torture Illegal

Torture IS illegal, yet, the TV threat is trying to teach
America that We, The People, haven't spoken on this issue
since Law came to be. Please, I beg, please fight back for
Humanity by not excepting a zionist's betrayal to G-D on this
subject. TV celebs are programming that waterboarding, head
slapping, and the burning of innocent people to death for a
treasonous bushite's satanic pleasure, is arguably in support
of defending my dying America, through assisting in the
neocon's escape for 911. Death to the torturers of innocent
people, death to the enemies of Christ in America.

sabbah.biz/mt/archives/2007/11/12/nazis-were-right-said-alan-
dershowitz

/ / Welcome to the world of the reality in which a Jewish American
Zionist man can cite Nazis in defence of torture tactics. \ \

The demon isn't Jewish my friend, isn't Jewish. I'm the King
of Jews, who would advocate the death sentence for such
criminal tactics to defend our innocent selves from the
ungodly. Wouldn't you too?, cheer to hear the arrests of the
satanic enemies of Man deprived our wills, instead of
ourselves as the innocent they victimize to thieve from for
Zionist Nazi fascist enemies? A person accused of a criminal
offense without any evidence is innocent. Demand open
communications on our, happy happy demonized to suffer dumber
than dumb coast to coast air wave specialists.

Parents Must Immunize Their Children Or Go To Jail
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/november2007/141107Immunize.htm

 Liar Liar

http://www.crooksandliars.com/Media/Download/23225/1/wj_rivkin_110607.wmv
http://www.crooksandliars.com/Media/Download/23339/1/twaw_rivkin_swift_11110=
7.wmv
ect..

Look, torture is criminal. Do you physically slap your
neighbors, to find out if they did the criminal's crime?
Should we slap Rivkin to ask him if he plans to commit crimes
against the innocent, and if he then says no, again repeat
till he's rightly dead from hearing a liar's denial?

Torture is a crime warranting a life term sentence or death in
America by LAW - firmly established already by the "War Crimes
Act" of 1282. Demand Justice to save the lives of our
innocent selves forsaken by the for cash profit, private news
parrots. Believe in US demanding open debate for a positive
change why don't you.. Nazi Germans were a happy happy bunch
too over the growing threats of torture and enslavement
through blanket annihilation... initially. Don't let Bush
further hurt my dying America through his personal self
contempt for our shared values.

http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2007/11/20071107-5.html

Look, November 7th, the demon antichrist stated he and the
neocons ordered the murder of more than a million innocent
Iraqis indiscriminately because, he was simply enforcing UN
resolution 1441. HE LIED. [how else could the UN officially
declare bushites as war criminal? NO CAUSE!!] And
multi-million dollar salaried, "American" reporters, who full
time, claim to represent American interests while you slog
double full-time for corrupt private bankers, refused to call
him on it to defend ourselves from his easily provable demonic
tirades against God as the innocent. On the scene, and still
today... YOU, as American are TRULY dying for George Walker
Bush's continuing LIES. Johnny Wizard is Forever King of
this moment being. If you can't believe it is important for
you to raise your cries for justice likewise, we're all going
to be done for lost to indifference. Defeating the neocon is
serious business my brothers, serious business.

http://www.globalpolicy.org/security/issues/iraq/occupation/report/atrocitie=
s.htm

/ / commanders may give orders to "shoot first and ask questions
 later." \ \ KING RULES: Aim to and kill innocent people, your
guilty of murder. Order such conduct, like amerika's George
Norry would boastfully crow, your a guilty bushite nazi war
criminal.

Bill a bushite to defend Humanity, to return a freedom for
believing. Every thieving bushite dumfuk grunt of the Air
Force is a demonic LIAR, accessory to mass murder. And even
though, CNN, CBC, and MSNBC suggest TORTURING innocent people
to death isn't illegal warranting the death sentence, it still
is, and will remain so for as long as we live to die a bushite
war criminal for defense in America and God, so says the Son
of God, as Man of men. "Die bushite die".

The bushite has murdered many thousands in Afghanistan to push
dope, more than a million in Iraq to steal life as lawlessly
demonic, all the while actively thieving to destroy Johnny's
America for the praised by TV 'neocon who?' news peelers.

Bush closed 911 investigations immediately after the terrorist
offense of no questions! no questions!

AMERICA RISE FOR AMERICA

Support the arrest of Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, and Condi with
Myers for the TREASONS of 911 to save Your freedoms to be so,
or don't, and see if we care truly ever.

Again, evil bushite THIEVES claim they are justified when
indiscriminately bombing populated cities to MURDER US People.
All to help 'escape' the neocon ENEMIES of America - they also
support "officially" destroying Our public infrastructure,
thieving humanitarian aid, while incarcerating innocent people
to collectively be punished by the TRULY Satanic enemies of
man. All truth will be disclosed by the revealing hand of
US.

-

http://www.crooksandliars.com/Media/Download/23247/1/CBS-FEMA-trailers-11080=
7.wmv

-

 THE GREAT KING OF AMERICA

PBS et al.. The bushmob is thieving billions from America as
we speak, to further terrorize a dying America lost to the
indifference broadcasted daily on almost every radio and TV
network as our silenced voices.

Mr. Bush, the terrorist, doesn't care to war for your stolen
billions, instead wants to kill even more innocent others as
neoconner traitor. In your name as "American." Johnny America
begs to disagree with criminals actually, and has taken a
stand against these 911 war mongers escaping our authority for
proper Public acknowledgment. If you, my reader, would only
support yourself.

Please, my friends, fight for our dying America. The TV and
radio celebs deliberately refuse to allow US to know: Ahmad
funded Atta, and, of the videos of iron flowing like water
from the WTC towers - all to KILL ourselves for the enemy liar
neocon.

Remember: these thieves have stolen from all still paying
Americans dying from true self contempt. No evidence against
an accused is US being truly abused.

http://www.crooksandliars.com/Media/Download/22786/1/rice_iran_sanctions_102=
507.wmv

Listen to this demon nazi witch, the zionist bitch who
personally FORBADE a plead to stop indiscriminate killing in
Lebanon, assisted in dropping seven million land mines on
Lebanon, and was CENTRAL to the invasion of Afghanistan for
Enron's master plan, tells US with bushite lies that no, Iran
was responsible for the terrorist crimes she fully
acknowledges to be responsible for actually. I ASK: ARE
THERE any soldiers from America who don't believe this 911
witch shouldn't be tried for high treason as a bonafide
TERRORIST? Listen to the end where she says America supports
Iran's pursuit of nuclear energy... so why does she want to
murder millions of innocent people with fall out then.. EH>?
WORLD: threaten to liberate nazi America, if they
indiscriminately murder millions more of innocent souls
without cause, but for the demon antichrist thieves who speak
nothing to defend Humanity. Much like happy happy who cares
Germans were under "liberator" Hitler. Except however,
in our defense, we at that time, didn't have our internets,
or so many, 'you have no power, you have no power' corporate
news channels for Americans to quietly sleep through.
Americans who refuse to speak outrage in the defense of the
Human Race, are Americans not worthy the title of fellow
Human beings. All they as bushmob amerika have done, is
thieve, destroy and murder from everyone of US since
911. I am growing wearily concerned over whether Americans
even can still express real anger over their continuing
sacrifice.

-

www.fluoridealert.org

-

FREEDOM

Look: corporate magic TV people couldn't care less for US if
they tried. Ahmad funded Atta. bin Laden claimed he played
no part in 911. And video of iron running like water moments
before the first tower fell is freely available for download
all over the place. CBC, CNN, FOXnews et al. know the
Bushmob did 911 in other words. Live for freedom dying
America! Johnny America wants to be invited on Coast to
Coast. Make it happen Man. Justice for god, is Justice for
all.

True Tyranny - to continue as an American refusing to publicly
demand torture, theft, and murder as unacceptable when
battlin' evil for your dying freedoms.. Evidence we must
pursue on 911 to know really what the heavens Johnny 'The Law
Man' is talking about still. Justice to the bushwhacker neocon
soldier, a foreigner who apparently speaks no defense for
innocent Americans dying sacrificed as conned for the ill
stolen gains of the 911 trifecta. Justice to the lying
enemies of freedom for America in Christ. Justice for YOU.

Justice to the bushite, Justice to the enemies of America, so
called out the Son to God as King of men:

Spare me some money won't you please for this art of wondrous
 tragedy?, Jeeze.. I seriously need money to feed myself.

/ / "I grabbed her little sister and put her in front of me .
=2E as the bullets began to fly, the blood sprayed from between
her eyes, and then I laughed maniacally." [, then were heard
the cheers of godless bushite dumfuk traitors obscening to God
and Man as the unholy enemy.]

What ever happened to butterfly kisses after evening prayers?

Are you telling me, an American Father, wouldn't gloriously
kill this lawless bushite TRAITOR and his demonic ilk, for our
love of girls everywhere? Or, how about the UNARRESTED
soldiers we witnessed on video beat shoeless children
practically to death while laughing and cheering? Or like
those that speak zero defenses for Haditha's confessed MASS
MURDERING irrational women and child killers? The REAL demons
CONFESS to going into a house, WITHOUT reasoned approach, and
slaughtering an entire INNOCENT family.. for nothing but
their lifeless SATANIC pleasures. The 'cause'? "The [mass
murdered unarmed innocent neighbor's] back door was open.."
To, for God, gloriously, with love, kill these unarrested
murderous continuing ungodly bushite nazis, is to war the TRUE
enemies of Humanity to save the lives of our precious loved
ones.

-

Not as tyrants have we come, but as liberators
- Adolf Hitler, 1938 -

Terror watch list swells to more than 755,000
http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2007-10-23-Watchlist_N.htm?POE=3Dclick-r=
efer

Hey! without evidence, we all could be down for abuse as
innocent doers for evil Bush.

-

I have the plan. Return all the stolen monies, and hunt those
who rape torture, or murder. And.. get the neocons for
treason on 911 most especially. So, here we go..

/ / Putin recently declared that Iran does not possess nuclear
weapons, is not pursuing a nuclear weapons program and poses
"no threat" to any nation, least of all the United States.
[...] If Putin is evil, surely Bush is worse than Satan himself. \ \

Bombs Kill People

Nazi Israel, the ungodly nation that murders Christians in
G-D's name AS THIEVES, deserves to die as proven war
criminals, to bring about a living nation that respects the
Jew by Law, to be just me or You living freely for happiness.

-

http://www.naomiklein.org/shock-doctrine

-

Project For The New American Century
http://www.freedomisforeverybody.org/PNAC.php

"...advanced forms of biological warfare that can target specific
genotypes may transform biological warfare from the realm of
terror to a politically useful tool."

USEFUL! Tell me, wouldn't YOU have publicly tried, then
executed neocon traitors for mass murder if you were
dying as Johnny's America?

We can really be something greater, while a murderous bushite
thief, a LIAR, can hardly read or write Liberty without
flinching from self contempt.

Sir Ken, head of the Crown Prosecution Service

"The fight against terrorism on the streets of [..] is not a
war. It is the prevention of crime, the enforcement of our
laws and the winning of justice for those damaged by their
infringement."

You got that right. So, join US in demanding the quick
trials, and public executions of known bushite enemies who
murdered Americans on 911 with general Ahmad, and who with
Peter Power, murdered the innocent in Britain for more stolen
goods against God. And anyone in the air force as bushite
bombers should be a great joy for US all to hunt for
prosecuting too. The bushite dumfuk is an enemy to our lives,
with it's blatant naked contempt for the innocent, who like
the demon liar THEIVES at CJOB, George Norry, or Hannity, will
forbid ANY human defenses of the lawless dictate of the
IRRATIONAL tyrannical demon antichrist, all so to victimize
more of You as the censored forsaken.

-

/ / The mere fact that one can deduce a motive for a
person or a group does not mean that they perpetrated
the act...and it hardly suffices as proof of anything. \ \

Just try telling that to 'why work to make life better'
CBC, CNN, or FOXNEWS censors. Look at me!! They refuse
to acknowledge my documented info as REALLY important
to your continued ACTUAL survival.

Who fuking cares right? Certainly not the enemies
of America at the Coast to Coast radio network, who would
kill Americans for the rich neocons without question. It's
JUST American kids getting conned to die as bad guys.

 God is Great

Again, George W. bush did 911 with General Ahmad, but CBC
zionists, actual treasonous LIARS, actually smile to dying
Canadian soldiers with only true contempt. CBC kills Canadian
kids, with their intentional demon lies, trying to subvert
Justice for God and Johnny. In fact, yesterday, they did a
special, all on how "God is NOT Great", giving that bush bitch
demon LIAR, all the space to pontificate it's hatred for
Wisdom, Science, and GOD, with only nods and smiles from the
'illiterate' hord. Remember: A zionist KNOWS it's an enemy of
Humanity when it supports dropping seven million land minds to
murder indiscriminately OUR CHILDREN for decades, or stealing
a Christians Home because they say God says Jews would do such
ungodly acts. Blame innocent Jews the holocaust denying
zionist shout, of which not one, is a Jew. Like me.

-

REMBERANCE DAY

So Remember: Bushite grunts told the world they wouldn't let
anyone out of the city, because [enemy Sattler LIED]
pro-bushite Zarqawi was there present, so the innocent
families who believed they had nothing to fear from the liar
disciples of the ungodly enemy of ALL HUMAN LIVES, remained in
the tiny city to be indiscriminately 'protected' with more
than nine two thousand pound bombs, or made dead instead by
heinous pro-bush escaping war criminals who used white
phosphorous on civilization. All to die our Humanity for the
thieved loss of evidence to demand ourselves of some official
freedom time to deal with our terrorized as suffering reality.

-

CCTV proves police lied:
de Menezes behaved normally before being murdered
http://aftermathnews.wordpress.com/2007/10/09/cctv-proves-police-lied-de-men=
ezes-behaved-normally-before-being-murdered/

-

Support my cause, which is your cause.

Zionist american media news celebs do tell, everyday, soldiers
for the neocon are all Heroes.

Please, my brothers, join me in hunting each and every bushite
present in this video down for death. For a Love of God that
will never end, until we have seen each and every responsible
child killing bushite present brought to true Justice extreme.


/ / Bushite Soldiers beat Defenseless Barefoot Children to Death for
Satanic Fun watch?v=3Dl2zZkbhc77M>

news_of_the_world_uk_iraqi_beating_video.wmv \ \

-

 OH GOD! - to not believe as real Patriots - OH GOD!

http://server7.whiterosesociety.org/content/rhodes/RhodesShow-(8-10-2007).mp=
3

'Why is it so crazy'?, you might ask an un-responsive big sky
of Love? Well, the Bush administration committed 911 with
General Ahmad that's why.. and threatening Humanity with
torture, is how the neocons plan to fear YOU into speaking
nothing for the defense of innocent others.. As a
consequence, more than half the monies spent each month on
this war against civilized Life, isn't accounted for by
anyone. Except those at the Pentagon STEALING from a deafened
America. In fact, Moyers at PBS reported none! of the
billions flowing out of American pocket books EVERY MONTH for
the bushmob war monger shysters is actually audited for the
taxing payers.

Mr. Bush, the terrorist, doesn't care to war for your stolen
billions, instead wants to kill even more innocent others as
neoconner traitor. In your name as "American."

Support my rise against Living's enemy George Norry, by making
an effort to demand real Justice for dying American values.

CBC just did a report about all the great heroin coming in
from Afghanistan, that will still cause crime, and be illegal,
(and maybe give you life in prison as an American,) but
brought in with the help of the demonically evil bushite
thieving murderous military, by the likely ton full to attack
our direct family left un-protected, BY YOU PERSONALLY. And
guess what? THEY, our media masters, couldn't care less if
they actually tried to be our good guys. Reminder: the god
guys is good, the demon liar antichrist evil enemies who
thieve from Life with censorship is bad. If they hide
ourselves too far, they loose all around, up and down. So get
to it. Or don't. Your choice. Life lived Now, or damnable
death by cowardly design brought forthwith under your own
power to do nothing under such terrible costs against our
suffering natures.

Typical tyranny for media control over all of Life for the
beginners is this treasonous betrayal against our Nature, by
refusing to be honest about our potential to be far greater
than first considered. If they'd only allow US to have open
communications, all our worlds would be better living for it.

Demand Coast to Coast hosts allow America to defend America.

I want air time with the one and only real man in these here
parts, Mr. Johnny America, our glorious make believe creator
of all we perceive religiously, self realized. He's a genius!

 No evidence against an accused is US being truly abused

JOHNNY ROCKS

http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://english-cyprus.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/12/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://miami.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://chiapas.indymedia.org/local/webcast/uploads/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://japan.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/12/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://melbourne.indymedia.org/uploads/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://alacant.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/12/johnny-rocks.mp3

Help me gain access to speak freely for open challenge against
Hannity, and of America's Coast to Coast Radio network hosts,
who deliberately deny you to contend, we're really, one hell
of a great bunch of People persons with rights God damn them.

 God Damn America

You f-cks, because Bush told congressmen secretly about truly
torturing innocent people to death in YOUR name, doesn't make
the crime any less satanic. True Christians will execute
bushite torturers with glee. America will pay millions a head
for each bush bitch nazi traitor to children as family. The
neocons will all be tried to death for treasons like 911, and
for supporting a slaughter against Iran. For Petraeus has
giving US no evidence to form our conclusions on the validity
of his therefore, TREASONOUS statements. Bushite are
murderous thieves of Iraq and deserve by the measurements of
any civilized man, a action worthy of death as demonic, before
allowed to further steal from our Humanity. SAUDI Bush bitch
Buford Blount gave out 170 tons of explosives to KILL marines
with, and Petraeus doesn't call for his rightful death, nor
for death to be brought to bushite soldiers who kidnapped bare
footed children to be beaten to death on video tape. {KILL
THE LAWLESS BUSHITE DEMONS HUMANITY SCREAMS IN AGONY] hundreds
of thousand of guns were 'lost' in Iraq through bushite
management skills, and liar Petraeus speaks no outrage.
Private death squad goons are committing crimes against GOD,
and Petraeus blames no one. MORE than half the monthly bill
for these bushite bleeding atrocities to Humanity, are not
even accounted for by ANYONE, but for the thieves at the
Pentagon who are ROBBING america with Petraeus' silence on the
life and death issue of America. Again, Petraeus knows the
bushmob did 911, and would rather kill your stupid american
teen, than stand for freedom in America by holding evidence a
pre-requisite in determining OUR capital allegations. Death
to the false accusing bushite, death to the enemies of
America,

Jon Stewart, the twisted nazi clucker, claims now to be a "Big
Jew". The demon zionist, who claims he can commit no crime
against GOD with silence on the issue of innocent Humans being
robbed and murdered by zionist 'buddy' Kristol, and as such,
spews nothing on 911's demon witch Condi dropping seven
million land mines on Lebanon, to murder Jewish children
indiscriminately for decades, no, he just laughs at G-D'S true
suffering like traitor enemy happy happy George Norry. Laughs
at torture being actually allowed, while laughing in contempt
at politicians who wisely will to re-distribute the nation's
wealth to it's worthy Citizens. Instead of some nationless
nazi "jew" like Jon Stewart, a free loading foreigner who came
to religion to take away life from hard working American
sufferers who want truly in Justice as Freedom. al-Qaida =3D
General Mahmoud Ahmad. Torture IS against the law, and
deserves the death sentence. Bushite Cofer Black MUST be put
to death for being a Satanic demon enemy of Human life, who
freely admits he tortures innocent people to help escape the
neocons for 911. Bill a bushite for America, bill a bushite
for God. What do Texans own guns for, if not to bill a
bushite child killer like those in the evil enemy pro-bush air
force. Bushite repeatedly have been found killing innocent
people without apology, in fact, it was only months ago where
amerikan soldiers in Afghanistan shot people indiscriminately
for more than six miles in residential districts,

/ / 'Why are you taking pictures? You don't have
permission."' [...] the [bush whore] American, speaking
through a translator, warned him that he did not want to see
any AP photos published anywhere.\ \ALL REAL MEN - kill the
bushite why don't you save some innocent lives for God in
America? Kill it man, for, bushite bombers aren't even human.

and now, as reported, the narco-gov has put to death at least
twenty Afghans, who were claimed, without trialed evidence, to
be guilty of such actions. The narco-gov refuses to call for
the execution of known bushite who torture INNOCENT PEOPLE, or
rape them, or thieve the 80% of charitable aid given from
Canadians. Despite CBC refusing to report on the facts to let
US decide for ourselves. Fight back for Christ, fight back
for love, fight back for freedom, fight back for God.

Investigating the Investigation
http://www.alternet.org/story.html?StoryID=3D17816

/ / After playing a tape of Cheney's statement, Russert asked
Daschle, "Did the vice president call you and urge you not to
investigate the events of Sept. 11?" \ \

George Walker Bush, "The Puppet" is GUILTY of TREASON a
thousand and one times over already. We all love Alex Jones,
but this nwo bullshit doesn't apply to the lawless demon
enemies who inflict harm on our humanity because they
confusingly tell US, they enjoy it. Murder, rape and pillage
for the sake of murdering, raping, and pillaging. Look, I'm
sure we'd be able to easily work out our differences, if
George Norry's amerka would take our calls for clarity, on
Justice ruling our ways to a fool's paradise where those
accused of a crime without any evidence would be US, as the
INNOCENT forsaken in God's good name.

-

 The Son of Man Begs America

/ / Seventy percent of the people are without adequate water
supplies and 80 percent lack adequate sanitation. \ \

 DEFEND THE PEOPLES OF IRAQ FROM BUSHITE NAZI DUMFUK GRUNTS

Who IS running this bushite nazi liar show, where they, our
elite corporate media masters, kill our stupid kids with their
flagrant naked monster lies, while refusing all calls for
clarity, Johnny America really wants to know. Like
immediately. Help us out here some man, don't be evil.

-

/ / [...] the [New York Times] piece details the torture of
[Innocent People] Sunni prisoners at one of the new
American-Iraqi "security stations" \ \

Torture is a crime against God and Humanity. So, likewise,
joyously, with pride, destroy the neocon traitors of Justice -
for the true Love you have as Freedom willed - is as granted.
Don't buy their demon lies by blind blanket false assertions,
against YOUR Humanity's Innocence in tyrannical bondage, all
done in to fool you believing, we have no rights to be heard
in our presence - here existing freely. Therefore, to survive
US all for something better, halt the 'escaping' murderous
bushite thieves for God and America. SOLDIERS: Instead of
dying for nothing, my wannabe Patriot Brothers, try joining
Liberty's cause, which is our cause truly. Is it because
corporate TV zionist money whores, are cowardly and ignorant,
as evil hypno muggers, in MY dying for real America, that YOU
refuse to speak Now in your Humanity's begging further
defense?, on evidence being the only requirement to establish
a person's guilt or innocence? for ungodly terrorist
activities committed in our name by bushite bombers from the
neo-conned AIR FORCE, who, as rotted juveniles, cheeringly
bomb us People indiscriminately leaving a Church as something
TRULY SATANIC? To dare, in our presence, continue threatening
harm against an innocent child of wonder, not yet even born to
God's suffering world? Bushites war LIFE itself. So then
pleads I again the Son to God, as Man to Men: war to kill the
enemy bushite nazi savage thieves, for real Freedom is waged
truly by Just causes. The mute, pro-censorship/tyranny
THIEVING bushite savaged nation, has NO EXCUSE for the crimes
they have committed in our dying names. I demand our voices
heard internationally for Justice as Freedom is Godly.

-

http://server7.whiterosesociety.org/content/rhodes/RhodesShow-(3-10-2007).mp=
3

The Lawless thieves of Blackwater hire known war criminals
from the most brutal of tyrannical regimes to carry out the
neocon agenda of 'freedom' for 'Iraqis'. American tax payers
pay $1,222.00 per death squad goon, per day, while billing
their sacrificing kids, tens of thousands for up and coming
medical costs not covered. Did you know they, the incompetent
bush regime, still haven't fixed Walter Reed? Who really
cares right?

-

ABCNEWS.com : FBI Called off Terror Investigations

A question Johnny Wizard has for America: Tell me, is this
not a treasonous act - for Bush to close criminal
investigations, immediately after the terrorist crimes of 911?
Shouldn't the demon enemy be put to arrest for that godless
act alone in this forsaken dying world? A world left instead
suffering further the tyrannies of the war criminal ENEMY of
all Human Life?

A refresher: the neocon will tell you openly, they live to
lie to the Public for cheating and stealing by murder of US as
proxied, innocent peoples purposefully enslaved by a made
ignorantly entranced TV audience that is repeatedly reminded,
we have no power worth respecting.

CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS aren't taking are calls presently, but
just lie and tell US they do. Look to see, almost all
political internet traffic condemns Bush straight to hell well
he rightly belongs, but the polls still say no - WE, seeking
for Just cause, are the minority.. just roll over and die for
the neocon betrayers to god and country, life and loving.

-

http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=3D456_1177473318

/ / An [BUSHITE ENEMY] American soldier boasts of having
tortured [INNOCENT] Iraqis and making a 15 years old Iraqi
girl commit suicide after she had been raped. \ \

Tell US, who wouldn't take great pride in warring this
boastful enemy of Humanity? Or, are you like CNN, CBC, and
FOXNEWS would suggest, it is heroic - for all are heroic who
DIE for the neocon?

http://www.globalpolicy.org/security/issues/iraq/reconstruct/2007/0824whistl=
epenalties.htm

/ / For daring to report illegal arms sales, Navy veteran
Donald Vance says he was imprisoned by the American military
in a security compound outside Baghdad and subjected to harsh
interrogation methods. \ \

IN THE LAND OF THE DEMON ANTICHRIST.

-

How is a Zionist Jewish?, I, the King of the Jews Messiah ask
my fellow brothers and sisters everywhere. How? FOUR million
land mines in Lebanon a godly act is it? Jew only roads not
Aparthied, nor stealing a Christian's Home I suppose..? How?

An Oath Every Soldier Swears To God With

/ / Lieutenant Watada \ \

Again a Patriot Soldier whose only crime is that he refuses to
commit a crime in Your name. Do something about it. You
defend this Patriot American Citizen as if Your America
depends upon it. The "Judge" who publicly forbids to hear
Watada's freedom defense, an Oath every Soldier swears to God
with, is a "Judge" who needs to be privately arrested for
treason against YOURSELF. Support my call to demand our
voices heard for Just causes, or go die silently to the grave
prisonized in a zionist neocon military dictatorship

True Enemy of Liberty

I am one serious genius by no accident in words you have as
much right to contend for yourself being, if you'd only
believe we have some good ideas here to really set ourselves
free with..

 "Al-Qaida" =3D "General Mahmoud Ahmad"

A neocon bushite soldier is a true enemy of Liberty for
America. They as DEMONIC LIARS, are dishonorable THIEVING
nazi savages that bomb our innocent families with criminal
intent to MURDER. Enemies of Life and Love, a dead bushite is
an enemy of GOD halted from victimizing further our loved
brothers and sisters, mothers and fathers. Death to the
neoconner bushite dumfuk grunting liars who bomb our families,
death to the enemies of Christ who war for the escape of the
true culprits responsible for 911. TRAITORS.

See my friends, this is why I, plead
for all able bodied men, to kill treasonous bushite on sight,
for every time you love God by defending the innocent from
murder, (the innocent whom any pro-bush corporate professional
hold in total self contempt,) you save REAL peoples lives, and
you defend God's good name to love God as ourselves committed
to true Liberty. Bushites are enemies of freedom, enemies of
God, and worthy of death, before allowed to further bomb
people indiscriminately like the commanders of NATO order day
after day without risking instant frag because, bushites are
blind cowardly thieving nazi fascist savages, brain damaged,
who believe as satanic demon whores of Molech, they can con
all of US including me forever, just like dare dubya. Dumfuks
to their bitter end.

To Kill a Bushite, is to be Heroic

American soldier: Your enemy is TRULY LIAR happy George
Norry. The demon knows of Ahmad, and forbids any guest from
uttering such understandings in defense of the DYING dumfuk
grunt nazi - Good riddance? Do you care that your country men
are dying for the criminal zionist neocon as traitors?
Support my demand for US to be heard GOD DAMN YOU. ...or die
by the hands of Humanity.

-

New admissions of widespread prisoner abuse
http://www.wsws.org/articles/2007/jun2007/tort-j05.shtml

/ / The Bush administration is [...] broad latitude
for torture techniques \ \

These are crimes against Christ, and any 'Christian' who
lawlessly participates in this pro-bush torture of US Humans,
MUST be hunted down by the Patriot, to have the STANDING LAW
in America enforced to institute the Death Sentence to those
bushite responsible for such ungodly enemy actions.

-

'Wiped off the Map' - The Rumor of the Century
http://antiwar.com/orig/norouzi.php?articleid=3D11025

Ahmadinejad: Zionists are NOT Jews
http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com/node/1249

Dehumanizing the Palestinians
http://electronicintifada.net/v2/article9002.shtml

/ / The Israeli cabinet has voted to declare the occupied Gaza
Strip a "hostile entity," [...] The decision was quickly given
backing by US Secretary of State [demon 911 witch] Condoleezza
Rice. \ \

This is of course recognized by all people to be a crime
against human life. But CNN refuses to acknowledge the
zionist action, for WE would ALL scream in outrage that
American tax payers fund such nazi atrocities against G-D.

CHRIST RETURNS

I again, beg Humanity to speak in opposition to Amerika in the
defense of our innocent forsaken dying lives. CBC producers
know the bushmob did 911 but lie with propaganda to kill our
families for the ungodly as thieving neocon enemies. They
refuse to inform ourselves that Al-Qaida is General Mahmoud
Ahmad, as according to the FBI. Or that video of iron flowing
like water from the WTC towers exists indicating without
doubt, the bushmob enemies did 911 as TRAITORS.

Today, there is nothing more i wish, than to hear bushite nazi
savage thieves for the neocon die rightly, before the innocent
they target for murder. All in an attempt to 'escape' those
truly responsible for the crimes of 911 a bushite whore
practices, as an enemy to Christ and America.

Evidence is required to convince ourselves on who is good or
evil. Period. Don't like it? Too bad. We are on charged!!

 Who cares about yourself if you won't listen as reason to?
What can you lose when you have granted to be blindly stolen
from?

Zionist nazi Israelis, do tell as LIARS, that Israel, the
nation that openly thieves, tortures, and murders daily thoses
THEY ADMIT are commpletely innocent, are enemies of every
religious person denied access to honestly speak the facts as
firmly established since the dawn of Man.

-

 "The Central Myth of Our Time"

The Shock Doctrine: Naomi Klein on the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
http://www.archive.org/download/dn2007-0917/dn2007-0917_64kb_mp3.zip

Wow! This is Powerful! An hour with Naomi!!

-

Bush "Iran has openly declared that it seeks nuclear weapons."
www.thecarpetbaggerreport.com/archives/12477.html

Look, CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS, who know the bushmob did 911, is
saying nothing further! The demon enemy will LIE America into
another war against GOD, and they'll only give you a happy
wave off to see Your child die for the zionist neocon.

Happy Ramadan - [the ungodly enemy] israeli style.
http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com/node/3575

/ / [enemy of the Jew] israelis kicked off their day this
morning by shooting an unarmed 16yr old boy for throwing rocks
at them and letting him bleed to death. \ \

Again, not reported on CNN for freedom of nazi aggressions
against life as Christ.

-

http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article18353.htm

/ / Why are the U.S. media untroubled that there has been no
independent investigation of 9-11? \ \

-

http://youtube.com/results?search_query=3D%22hadji+girl%22&search=3DSearch

/ / "as the bullets began to fly, the blood sprayed from
between her eyes, and then I laughed maniacally." [, then were
heard the cheers of godless bushite dumfuk traitors obscening
to God and Man as the unholy enemy.] \ \

Instead, we as humanity suffer with yet to be hunted demons
who sing in joy while laughing and cheering over the murder
of our innocent children. God, I beg you to only listen to these
naked demons on video, then join me in calling for Justice as
Life Wills. The company Aegis has been found killing innocent
people for money from America, and Americans speak near nothing
for our defenses as their very own sons and daughters die in total
contempt.

So never lose sight that TV news personalities hold an unwavering
Public commitment to answer our calls for liberty with murder,
as the enslavement of Your dying rights, through willfully
committing criminal acts in our demonized innocent name is
real. Johnny Wizard needs his own international live radio
program to take open line communications.

-

I AM AMERICA

Sattler ordered the murder of more than 200,000 innocent
people in Fallujah, and they speak nothing but lies on how
such demonic behaviors are godly as just ignored. Our Lives
forsaken, as they hold their very own to die sacrificed for
the unelected traitor neocon. I AM AMERICA.

America MUST demand war crime trials for the propaganda CNN
broadcast "Anvil of God" regarding the demonic actions of
Bravo company. They forgot to tell America importantly, nazi
forces forbade the population from leaving, gunning originally
for everyone between 15 to 55, but sided instead to murder
infants and the elderly too, when beginning the Zarqawi
campaign by bombing hospitals as first strike targets. As
such, the bushite murdered many good doctors and nurses - so
all to send bushite snipers on hospital near rooftops gunning
for every seriously injured woman and child who tried to get
help from the Humans. While driving down residential streets,
grenading every home of humans being. Remember that when you
hear these dishonorable bushite thieves die rightly for god
and country.

[Sideline: It's been thought the reason why rescue efforts in
New Orleans were provably sabotaged by Rove, was an attempt to
make the blue state, commi red.]

See?.. women and children, who the enemy bushite forbade to
leave the city with their innocent families, who, as were all
living in the entire city of mosques conveniently found labeled
therefore by bushite, "Insurgents" (or did leave earlier, and
had our innocent families reportedly indiscriminately murdered
two miles or so down the road by the most evil war crime act
of recorded history.)

Importantly, there was no evidence made awared of, that
legitimately offered PUBLICLY, from the UN or the U.S. to
indicate a refugee camp anywhere, but for maybe a small group
photographed - then some belligerent bushite bogus pocus - all
headed up by a blatant traitor to America named Sattler.
Reminder: after the indiscriminate carnage, they couldn't
find near anyone for weeks who would take money offered to any
citizen freely who survived for their satanic benefactor. So
insanely disturbing as ungodly evil doing, war criminal
Sattler called a halt to giving out charitable considerations
from Americans to the unseen surviving victims - all in an
'escape' attempt to make it look better for US, the paying
audience. So, where did our stolen values go to then eh?
(Sattler's pocket no doubt.)

http://www.esterrepublic.com/Archives/djamail9.html

/ / "With no medical supplies, people died from their wounds.
Everyone in the street was a target for the Americans. \ \

-

/ / Two Years After Katrina, Billions in Relief Funds Are
Missing \ \ http://www.alternet.org/rights/60494/

-

Israeli High Court permits torture of Innocent Humans
http://www.guerrillanews.com/headlines/14593/High_Court_permits_torture_of_P=
alestinians

/ / Israel has illustrated contempt for law and the value of
human life, or even possessing an ethical standard of moral
behavior with respect to civil and human rights \ \

Of what religion to any GOD, is this ZIONIST nazi
behavior condoned? Demonic thieving bushite enemies of
Man lie about such behaviors bring about 'freedom', but
who of US wouldn't kill such contempt to save the lives
of Our innocent beloved families? A bushite kidnaps
Iraqis routinely, (or orders the murder of those between
15-55,) and what of any real man present, doesn't
immediately arrest or kill such CONTEMPTIBLE bushite
loyalists to the ungodly enemy antichrist?

-

Tatum, who freely confesses he's a proud child killer without
apology, is being made a free man in evil bushite amerika.
The TRAITOR prosecutor has ridiculously stated to our world -

/ / Lt. Col. Paul J. Ware wrote in a 29-page report that
there is insufficient evidence to show that Lance Cpl.
Stephen B. Tatum did anything other than follow Marine Corps
rules when he killed [for no reason, innocent] women and children \ \

TATUM ADMITS he enjoyed slaughtering the defenseless families
deliberately!! In fact, he wrote a card to a dead marine's
family, testifying that he murdered the innocent young girls
for the tyrannies of the antichrist. Evidence that TRAITOR
Paul Ware and Mattis hides from the Christian American Family.
Will YOU, as an American man, allow these two bush bitch nazi
punks to survive as furthering the commitment of more war
crimes against the INNOCENT? as a zionist neocon's "Hero"?
Will You defend our girls? Peoples of Earth! Help Me save our
children.. please.. please..please

TRAITOR Paul Ware "Tatum shot and killed people in houses 1
and 2, but the reason he did so was because of his training
and the circumstances he was placed in, not to exact revenge
and commit murder."

TATUM STATED DIRECTLY IT WAS TO EXACT REVENGE AND COMMIT
MURDER!! HE WROTE SO TO THE FAMILY OF THE MARINE WHO DIED! A
FAMILY WHO WOULD MOST CERTAINLY SUPPORT TATUM'S EXECUTION AS
DEMONIC TRAITOR TO FREEDOM IN AMERICA!! ASK THEM!!

/ / Ware has recommended to [demonic nazi enemy of Life
'judge'] Lt. Gen. James N. Mattis, that charges be
dismissed, \ \

 "Mad Dog Mattis,"

MATTIS!! The guy who murdered countless women and children at
a wedding party, while after getting caught PROPAGANDIZING to
forsaken America the innocent victims as al-Qaida!! CAUGHT!
Mattis called innocent six year old girls "al-Qaida"! CAUGHT!

BUSHITE ENEMY OF AMERICAN FREEDOM Lt. Gen. James N. Mattis
has been made into a "JUDGE"!! THE WOMEN HATING NAZI FUK! A
JUDGE of Men by 'law' in bushville!!!

the [anyone's] CHILD KILLER Lt. Gen. James N. Mattis QUOTE:
"It's fun to shoot some people" - defenseless innocent WOMEN
HE SHOT!! INNOCENT CHILDREN HE SHOT!!!! YOUR CHILD!! FIGHT
BACK FOR CHRIST! FIGHT BACK

Prosecutor Lt. Col. Paul Atterbury "Lance Corporal Tatum
entered a home and participated in the killing of Iraqis who
were not legitimate targets, then entered a second home and
participated in the murder of [more innocent] women and children,"

/ / One of the Marines charged with murdering civilians in Haditha,
Iraq, in 2005 knew that only women and children were huddled in
a back bedroom in a house there, but he [TATUM] opened the door
and shot them anyway, a squadmate testified Tuesday. \ \

TRAITOR Mattis "The Marines have landed, and we now [as ENRON]
own a piece of Afghanistan." [thieving from all for 911's neocon,
especially undefended American pensioners... hail satan - 666.]

 CHILD KILLING NAZI TRAITOR GETS PROMOTED!

/ / Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates announced Sept. 11 that the
President has nominated Lt. Gen. James N. Mattis for appointment
to the rank of general. \ \

http://www.911pressfortruth.com/

TWO OF THE PROTECTED 911 HIGHJACKERS WERE WORKING WITH SAUDI INTEL!

Murder for stolen money in America's America!, and CBC, CNN,
FOXNEWS report no cause to care! Treasonous George Norry CONS
Americans to murder for the evil neocons with threat of his
going "ballistic" against any or all Americans who try to
stand up as a Just peoples for what is righT, for Life and/or
God by SPEAKING FREELY. Will You try?, or go silent to die as
unworthy? Your call bud...

What Freedom do bushite war the innocent for to rape, pillage,
and murder as blind neocon followers of the 'lawless' demon
antichrist? Eh?

"Al-Qaida" =3D "General Mahmoud Ahmad"

CBC, CNN, FOXNEWS, the Zionists, purposefully work to LIE to
the dying American Marine, that the ungodly bushite wars to
escape the 911 perpetrators hold some hidden benefit, as the
TREASONOUS neocon thieves freely rob from both undefended
American and Iraqi citizens, The neoconner, Mr. Bush closed
criminal investigations on 911 immediately after the event
occurring, while Billions are stolen through 'ear marks' and
TVed Americans have no care known to speak of.

Done with American tax paid for rapists, torturers, and
terrorists like Aegis who dress up as al-Qaida to murder godly
lovers of Justice. CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS would rather kill
the Marine, than teach them where to aim their weaponry of
liberation.

CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS speaks NOTHING to demand the execution
of hiding as 'British' soldiers who on prized video tape, beat
to death young barefoot children for erotic fun, nor on
mercury vaccines not banned minus "The President" in name.
BANNED if God were Loved by America, or that the man or woman
on the street would financially support my rise by popular
command. Would you leave me to know, I will be left without a
home to rest, or food to feed my hunger? Would an American?,
I ask all Peoples of Earth to witness the American's contempt
for Our worthy lives. Sattler ordered the murder of more than
200,000 innocent people in Fallujah, and they speak nothing
but lies on how such demonic behaviors are godly as just
ignored. Our Lives forsaken, as they hold their very own to
die sacrificed for the unelected neocon. I AM AMERICA.

 ABCNEWS.com : FBI Called off Terror Investigations

THERE ARE certain principles that we would all agree to
publicly speaking. There are criminals who don't like these
ideas, but they ain't going to speak out against us. Example
'I don't want to be held accountable to the American public,
cause I want to steal that 16 billion dollars for myself.
That's my public opinion.' What are we going to do but defend
ourselves of deathly lawless tyranny, eventually. Or, you
won't by DECIDING not to decide. Support our rise as the top
cop of Humanity, coming down for diplomatic talks to engage
the flagrant wanton stupidity of the bushite grunters. All on
hopes you'll consider also, these Kingly texts worth a couple
hedge funder salaries, a sixty cent barrel of oil marked up to
74 dollars, or a thousandth of the money America would save in
a year, if you adopted Canadian Health care systems overnight
for yourself to immediately provide all People the respect for
life we deserve. Or don't, and needlessly continue to pay
twice as much, while dying broke as self made losers without a
cause worth preserving. A free market open to waste for profit

Mike Huckabee Publicly Questioned on 911's ISI General!!!
http://prisonplanet.com/articles/august2007/230807_b_huckabee.htm

UN's Admission: Lebanon Was Right All Along
http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=3DviewArticle&code=3DCOO20070=
816&articleId=3D6568

/ / Last month its cartographers quietly admitted that Lebanon
is right in claiming sovereignty [..] \ \

Nazi zionists gave US Jews a bad rap again I see. They're
despicable criminal savages the neocon.. who steal the rights
and privileges of US peopled folks, all to fall victimized
with their self confessed contempt for love and justice.
Condi's crew dropped seven million land mines to murder
ourselves for generations, and, shouldn't she and the neocons
responsible be put to death for such conducts?? If not then,
when? discuss.. They openly target innocent human beings
indiscriminately without apology, but excuses that don't hold
water. Not that corporate news professionals are even
pouring! It's most definitely the re-occurring true story of
a censored mankind with You as it's innocent victim. For,
what human would support victimizing others for the tyranny of
blind terror? Only bushite amerika would fall silent under
such self contempt for our constitutions.

/ / [..]Israeli "Defense" Force (IDF) has announced that it
will discontinue its practice of "capturing" populated
Palestinian villages during military training exercises. \ \

Tell me, is this the godly people the neocon boast of for
defense in? Or, just again examples of standing terrorism
against life ourselves - committed by the censored as will
giving, sacrificing American payer? Justice is Freedom.

Do you care to buy the bushite lies, when they commit openly
the very same terrorist acts they say we should all be
outraged against? Somalia is a case to point. They murder
helpless people as bushite, then say they'll remain dying to
thieve further as enemies to Humans being. It doesn't fool
me, but perhaps it does you. A neocon soldier murders
innocent Iraqis, while selling you they are all there risking
their lives to bring freedom. So, they die. For lies. Die.
Again, KNOWN Aegis goons openly commit crimes against Iraq
done officially to get killed! the supposed to be Patriot
Marine. P2OG. Soldiers under bushite command would rather
die cowardly, than to honorably demand the bushmob's arrest
for public trials as defeating ungodly fascist war criminal
savages.

Why suffer otherwise this way under the tyrannies of naked
neocon plunder to deny our lives for measured justice I ask
YOU again, please believe: truth will set us free.

 Al-Qaida =3D General Mahmoud Ahmad =3D ungodly bushite liars

I can't understand why you can't help get this party up as
starting by supporting our rise to highest acclaim with my
authority free willed to anyone. Let's face it, we're great
because Your great. However, for greed, corporate america
aren't taking our concerns nightly. We want Justice, and WE
will get it if we reflect together with impeccable credentials
as standing with measured reason for proper assessment on
rights making might. Who is who here, a freeing peoples I
tell you, arriving to bring a true patriotism to Life for US.
Are you with yourself as respected an equal under the law
devised fairly for all concerned parties?.. well then...
let's  g o ! ! !


be Great!,
for here comes the mighty,

Johnny America - make way! make way!

-

 Where is the Evidence?

How so can all of Iranian Military Officers be
"terrorists", while lawless bushite bomb defenseless
innocent peoples indiscriminately routinely, with
praises from the actual demon antichrist responsible
personally for 911 I want to know.

Gaffney "It is not George Bush, it is not the Neocons,"

"," =3D swinging pocket watch

-

bushite talk about random killing of godly persons
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DOHvtIL_TRGE

"You can basically kill anyone you want"

26,000 total Tickets sold - 14,302 votes tabulated
http://disc.server.com/discussion.cgi?id=3D149495;article=3D112801;show_pare=
nt=3D1

/ / An Investigation is needed here. \ \

I said that years ago, but the bushmob isn't listening, because,
hey, happy George Norry don't care, and CBC, CNN, and FOXNEWS
isn't taking our calls either man.

-

Pro-mass murderer war criminal Kristol once again, speaking
freely to Jon Stewart unchallenged internationally on Our TVs
as "Two Jews" stated..

 "We don't believe in original sin."

I believe, Jon Stewart suffers from
the ignorance of Celebrity more so, than a genuine hatred for
Humanity.. as that is the fault of most TVed Americans.
Nothing more greater than getting on the boob tube, to really
make your mark on this fleeting world as they sell their life
away for nothing but the privilege to be recognized at a gala
swarray.. fed on the victimized innocent of Humanity left
robbed as worthless their grand stage. His show is often
quite bright however, and leastly, reminds people, that CNN,
CBC, and FOXNEWS isn't the be all and end all of respect for
US caring viewers.

but looksee.. EVIL is real though -

THINK of how Truly evil a person would be to lie for CNN
on this issue.. a "Jew"? would do this?..
A "Jew"?

/ / The inflammatory words MEMRI blasted the US media with
were when the young caller "Sanable" was supposed to have said
"we will annihilate the Jews" were not even mentioned by the
caller or by anyone else in that clip. \ \

SEE! A ZIONIST SAID, "we will annihilate the Jews"


http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=3D25994

/ / When hundreds of millions are calling for the
extermination of the Jews of Israel this is more than a lie;
it is a blood libel. \ \ This is like satanic neo-nazi EVIL no?

-

There is no found honor in a thiefs paradise of neocon plunder
my friends, no honor.

-

 Elected Governments All Over The World

British MP Galloway and Richard Perle on TV together!!
http://youtube.com/watch?v=3Dnu4GBnxi3wc

Galloway "These are the people who have overthrown elected
governments all over the world. and he [Richard Perle] comes
on your program to prattle about democracy."

http://www.thetruthaboutgeorge.com/

Perl of wisdum 'yeah so? Peenackers steal the rights of
freedom from people for stolen profits - we rob Americans of
their freedom, as is their pocket books, and their wasted
effort, all easily conned to be sacrificed for death by false
conclusions trumped up by a naked false accuser who will
accuse yous lost blindly as the innocent sucker - er.. I mean
suckers, Your Mr. Bush Jr., is a demon evil whos attack is
not televised for defending yourselves over. Truth and
Justice, we own. See?, peenackers are filthy rich from
conning your, given life away, right before your eyes. What
are we going to do about what is given, bust the bad guys for
blatant treason against Cops and the Universe? I mean really.'

The Iraq War Exposed
http://www.netctr.com/iraqwar.html

Neocons are frankly, just dumb don't you know. Don't forget
though, their unwavering Public commitment to answer with
murder as enslavement of Your rights, through committing
criminal acts in our demonized innocent name is real. Johnny
Wizard needs his own international live radio program. Any
others of all knowing sentience as wisdom being smarter than
whoever, even willing to start too a conversation over these
matters of justice for freedom ad-infinitum!?

What?

-

911 Leaders Saying They Are Jesus
http://rss.nfowars.net/20070802_Thu_Alex.mp3

I've given my phone number several times to Alex Jones, of
which he's not as of yet, invited me on as official guest, for
fears he can find no arguments against US I presume. 911
financier Ahmad =3D al Qaida, and we have molten iron on video
flowing like water. Demon Bush Jr. gave US zero, while
closing criminal investigations immediately after the
terrorist offense of no questions!, no questions! Case
closed. But no, the American media rarely if never mention
these facts, while insisting Bush's deathly war criminalling
is as only a puppet, look away! look away!, leaving without
challenge on the, teen like naivety of wearechange.org's
consistence that "we", who demand justice for 911, who might
also hold the opinion that zionist behavior does not blindly
equal being Jewish, should not be allowed to speak Justly for
our public challenge, because bushite Amerika has no defense
for censorship against ANY of our judicial wanting, as
documented positions on behalf of the suffering to death
victimized public. Why? Because we are Just. Well, I try to
be anyway. (I've spoken as written for YEARS, with NO ONE
WORLD WIDE countering in the public realm, but for the
strangely odd insult. Bushite do exist, don't get god wrong,
but dumb evil bushite brood in darkness with censorship like
all zionists do, selling to be 'godly' honorable men, when in
truth, they'd murder anyone of US for a stolen nickel given to
a neocon. I, as open line talk radio producer, win every
time, always, forever, never fail. [er.. yet..] Why?
Because I treat YOU fairly. America should do the same. We
are all in this together. Zionists like robbing then killing
defenseless innocent Christians, and Jews, while just lying
that they don't without scened factual TV perception. Demon
911 WITCH, zionist Condi 'okayed' the dropping of more than
SEVEN MILLION land-mines on Lebanon, purposefully done to
indiscriminately murder ourselves for generations. Jason
might foolishly call you an "anti-Semite" in fear for speaking
such not understood truths. And importantly, not because they
can publicly disagree so in open debate, so sides to not allow
US to rise in acknowledgement to bring about Justice as
demanded, for ALL as ANY. (Gee, who's the neocon now eh?
(we're all sinners.))

If Americans really want 911 Justice:

Help US out by putting the video of molten iron flowing like
water out there in the minds of any who have doubts, tell them
hypno mugger Bush, gave US zero to substantiate his public
falsehoods, and tell US about Ahmad as more than a passing
fact that means little of nothing, then, WE, The People, will
believe this has more to do with Justice for Humanity, than
the American suffering movie goer ego being, "leading the free
world", by voicing no public concerns on the criminality of
the bushmob shysters. Left happying in the George Norry, as a
TRAITOR to a dying America not hearing. An enemy of Liberty
to the, tried to be free soldier, who is led TO DIE still
un-wittingly by lie for the misfortuned neocon bounty of
global tyranny through coast to coast story lining. Look, the
peenackers will tell you freakishly, that they work to lie to
us all, to take advantage of a plain to view weakness. I
swear. The neocon wants to con your kid to die for a war lied
into with as our stolen goods. We lose as crime victims,
while they win free accountability because, (well... I'll
just let you finish that one liner sucker punch..)

 www.newamericancentury.org

Jason Bermas "I just want to point out that we're going to
encourage the people to look at the evidence for themselves."

-

Do Republicans mean to bring health care suffering out of
control with no market values, because truly they have little
of no skills when it comes to fixing their own buffoonery?
Hmm... unless they count to hide the bean all together,
fixing the game intentionally to have US lose by remote
controlling stupidity! 300 channels, and nobody's taking our
call from the space cased file of, "what's this freedom war
against Life for again"? Look, is mercury as a medicine good
or bad do you think?, let's ask someone for Christ's sake. Or
for Deb, Henry, Bill, Beth, Mark, Carol or Tony. Johnny
Wizard, our everyday normal magic man of folklore, opens up
the stage to ask all the people together, "Are we Man or
machine to take this all lying down quietly"? We need to talk
about what a King like me, is doing in a place like this,
under appreciated, and left alone without my home, dying for a
break in radio programming, as President of the company that
started the sands running, Shareware Earth Co., a god-like
production of miracle and wonder!! You just participate, and
you won't even believe how good we could have it, Rejoice, for
Johnny Jesus has come down for diplomatic talks. Give away!
Give away!

Again, CNN, CBC, and FOXNEWS, (who advertise their listening)
suggest G.W. Bush and Co. have publicly acted nothing
warranting immediate arrest, or have openly supported the
great Kucinich's plan for Impeachment, and consequently, are
leveraging America into this mess 'because' we were portrayed
as sold to the U.N. for freedom as Iraqi's Grand Strategy.
BOGUS! Nothing about the PLANNING of killing people
indiscriminately for financial criminal gains as bonafide
terrorists, for we had unrestricted access prior to dropping
bombs for mangy LIAR neocons. ORHA. I have yet heard FOXNEWS
complain in pains of liar BUSH personally being the al-Qaida
cause responsible, (like Alex Jones sells foolishly falsely
also) More than a million INNOCENT people have been murdered
directly by the criminal action of the broken Bush Rule,
UN-CONSTITUTIONAL! Don't they know of what You speak? Now???


Make it so,

President and CEO of Shareware Earth Co.
King Johnny Wizard

Christ is Person ! ! !

Intelcenter.com =3D alqaida videos you can get nowhere else!

-

/ / A group of wounded civilians were also brought to a
hospital in neighboring Kandahar. Journalists were barred
from filming or talking to them inside the wards. \ \

Freedom from what do bushite murder indiscriminately?

/ / Iowa GOP is STILL planning to use the easily rigged
Diebold computers to "count" the vote at the Straw poll! \ \

THIS IS TREASON. But, look, teen soldiers are commanded to be
bushite nazi savages, who cowardly refuse to defend America
from Mr. al-Qaida, General Ahmad, all to thieve further from
the undefended American public.

-

 MY DEMANDS

/ / eight million Iraqis require immediate emergency aid \ \

 PLEASE HELP US

Again, evil bushite THIEVES claim they are justified when
indiscriminately bombing populated cities to MURDER US People.

General Johnny would teach MY soldiers to immediately arrest
to kill for such criminality. In fact, I'd likely even throw
in some bonus cash, an a Freedom medal from all lovers of
Liberty. Did you know, many bushite sing a song about killing
innocent young girls for pleasure? Did you know that also, an
"American" radio host likes playing that same song as recorded
on "American" airwaves? Fight back for God, or die from self
contempt my friends, fight back for life and love.

http://womensspace.wordpress.com/2006/07/09/rape-of-the-hadji-girl-part-3-fi=
ve-more-us-soldiers-charged-abir-hamzah-was-14-years-old/

/ / Why did the Army, within three hours, return to tell
neighbors that this was the work of =13insurgents=14 apparently
without any investigation? \ \

See? in Johnny's world, that "the Army" person would have
been the FIRST questioned, then likely arrested. But look, it
hasn't even been acknowledged as evil doing in progress.
(Every time you read, "The Army says..", become aware.)

It should be noted, ungodly bushite enemy commanders call
every car bomb in Iraq, al-Qaida, without even pretending to
do freedom operations for YOUR protections, as just another
dead body in the rubble. (Likely caused by Aegis for cash
profit.) So then, look my friends, Amerka refuses to demand
justice to save the lives of their very own sons and
daughters. And when, WE, Humanity, beg them to answer our
calls for accountability, they refuse but for to LIE, stating
publicly, "God" would grant robbing from innocent others, to
enrich their great unholy tyrannical demon liar. They know
easily that the bushmob did 911, and they like it. No, they
crave it. The chance of murdering their own "loves" to
enslave the human race for the antichrist, sounds great, just
as long as they can get themselves in on the take.

/ / Idiot General Says Dead U.S. Troops Best Reason To Keep
War Going And Kill More U.S. Troops

[Option B: More Dead U.S. Generals And Fewer Dead U.S.
Troops ?] \ \

If the sacrifice of soldiers lives is going to mean anything,
it going to mean how long it took, Americans to care for
themselves as really worth something. When, or if that day
should come, it will be the day where Iraqis victims are seen,
as just you or me. Today, there is nothing more i wish, than
to hear bushite nazi savage thieves for the neocon die
rightly, before the innocent they target for murder. All in
an attempt to 'escape' those truly responsible for the crimes
of 911 a bushite whore practices, as an enemy to Christ and
America.

http://existentialistcowboy.blogspot.com/2007/06/911-culprits-why-towers-rea=
lly-fell.html

/ / We know that a crime was committed on 911. George W.
Bush, of course, quashed all investigations before they could
begin. Since when are crimes not investigated? \ \

The demonic lawless actions of Aegis posing as
al-Qaida killing police officers undermine freedom for Iraqis
and Americans, alone with ALL the rest of US. All criminally
gotten assets of lawless mercenaries will be hunted by every
police service; those that complain as traitors to Freedom as
Justice, WE, the real Patriot warriors, committed to defensive
measures, will be rewarded to bill for. IF! Johnny is
recognized a Mythical King with money to spend better than a
neocon saboteur. Your call... Reminder: The neocons in YOUR
power, were never elected, nor, was Bush the demon enemy of
all Human Life. A demon that says if you disagree with his
blind blanket statements against innocent Life, YOUR a
terrorist. At least with GOD, we'd be only killing criminals
we couldn't otherwise defend ourselves from with evidenced
conclusion through practiced Law judged fairly.

http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,,2138917,00.html

/ / TheSpyWhoBilledMe.com regularly breaks news on the
clandestine world of private contractors and US
intelligence, recently established that Washington
spends $42bn (#21bn) annually on private intelligence
contractors \ \

 do the math - do the math - do the math - do the math

42 billion. 42 thousand million. Or, hiring maybe twenty
or thirty bushite LIAR enemies, who blindly giving Americans
pay not only billion dollar saleries, but also with their
forsaken lives as unworthy of real protections. CNN, CBC,
and FOXNEWS knows the bushmob did 911.

So, million dollar saleries? I doubt. Likely a neocon enemy
or two robbing from an undefended America. Remember, Peter
Power wants US to believe ALL of Scotland Yard would murder
Brits for stolen bucks. Frankly chaps, I just refuse to
believe such bullocks. Be me man, King Johnny Wizard

-

/ /that expose physical and sexual abuse
at the hands of the Israeli army \ \

Realize: American tax payers fund this unquestioningly.

-

http://www.talkleft.com/search?string=3Dhaditha

-

Citizens Face Full Asset Seizure

http://www.rense.com/general77/asset.htm

/ / "(ii) to have materially assisted, sponsored, or provided
financial, material, logistical, or technical support \ \

So, those who don't support the return of all stolen monies
from Iraq, who continue to undermine Humanity's chances for
Justice in Iraq, (like every neocon LIAR and foxnews
broadcaster, lawless mercenary antichrist disciple, or
Haliburton shareholder,) needs their assets seized, and tried
publicly for treason as war criminals. Every war profiteer
holding more a one hundred thousand dollars will be hunted by
the will of Humanity. so says - The Son to God as Man to men.

Bush To Veto Ban On Mercury In Vaccines
http://thimerosal.worldwidewarning.net/www/archives/59

/ / "Under the current administration, mercury has been and
will continue to be knowingly injected into the youngest of
American citizens. \ \

We Have A Problem Here

Look, Bush closed investigations on 911 immediately, then
started firstly on Iraq, for war mongering thieves, with
General Ahmad escaping un-accosted for the neocon enemies.
Not relevant? Your Constitution is laying undefended, a
National act that can not be done by any other terrorist group
but those who claim your freedom rights denied by bushite
command. Not treasonous? Look Condi, the demon 911 nazi
witch PERSONALLY assisted in dropping more than seven million
land-mines on Lebanon indiscriminately in Your terrorized
dying names. Hate Life and God as yourself do You?

Don't anyone be deceived that the neocon enemies minimally
assisted these crimes by refusing to allow US pursue the evil
doers by following the actual crime scene leads, but we lack
REAL leadership skills that are naturally required to see
molten Iron flowing like water from the 911 towers on YouTube.

They, as America's Coast to Coast voices, would rather richly
die YOU sacrificed for CRIMINAL zionist Israel, (Israel, where
the government leaves actual Jews to die in the streets
starving as garbage dumps, to make it look good for MORE
giving American charitable donations to disappear elsewhere)
before saving the lives of THEIR VERY OWN. Americans don't
seem to care they die by their own unwillingness to
communicate openly for Justice. I ask you again, to spare me
a few dollars so I can feed myself. I am actually, near
starving, and never in my most feared nightmares, thought this
world, with our communication technology, would leave me
without any financial assistance. I seriously need to eat.
Please help me, by supporting our cause to not starve to
death. If you appreciate my words in defense of the once
great Human race, donate a few dollars to this cause. Justice
and Freedom for all, especially God as Just, and worthy our
praise, Peace.

-

 Death to the bushite instead of the innocent loved in God

/ / IntelCenter issued a tacit warning \ \

Don't EVER forget, the private company Aegis has been
officially found dressing up as AL-QAIDA! - AL-QAIDA! -
AL-QAIDA! to murder pro-western forces in Iraq, while
desecrating Elvis. Elvis Presley. If you don't love Elvis,
there is something seriously wrong with America.

 Time is Up

Al-Qaida Kagan "Al-Qaida, their whole strategy revolves around
generating sectarian violence, because that is how they embed
themselves within local communities "

 What?? For friendship?

What is the demon TRAITOR to HUMANITY in America saying about
the reasons he embeds an Iraqi under 50 odd divergent NEOCON
labels? Wouldn=11t most Al-Qaida take great joy in killing a
bushite nazi grunt like any real Family man would also? These
LIAR dumfuk grunts who cheer "whore yeah", routinely, can
barely read or write, so, how possibly does this FOXNEWS
expert, expect such ungodly antichrist forces to delineate
Al-Qaida from the local communities they PROVABLY
indiscriminately bomb as Satanic?

Kristol and Kagan: Put Everything Behind Escalation So We
Can Bomb Iran and Syria

Kristol and Kagan MUST be put to death for treason against
America, treason against Life, treason against GOD. They both
have continued to Publicly advocate murdering more innocent
peoples indiscriminately they call, "Al-Qaida", all to rob
further monies from an undefended America. It is easily
learned by any as all, the victims of bushite tyranny are
exclusively, US, The People, guilty of nothing but our shared
love of GOD. Remember forever: there was NO JUSIFIED REASON
for bombing PEACEFUL Samara, NONE! that bombers confess was
done as ordered by Allawi INDISCRIMINATELY, all for getting
killed Marines sent in later for more stolen cash from
America. P2OG. [hundreds of bushited Marines died rightly
almost immediately - (wow eh?)] A Satanic action, Kistol and
Kagan, both blame without thought to question on "Al-Qaida".

The action of Satanic bushite bombers targeting Samara as war
criminals is FULLY documented.

Death to the bushite neocon LIARS, death to the enemies of
Freedom for Humanity. My beloved friends of GOD, please, when
you see the mute bushite, kill it for Christ, kill it for
Love, kill it to defend your loved family. (Any soldier who
doesn't proudly talk of how it hunts those British soldiers
who kidnapped barefoot children and victimized them on video,
is a soldier worth destroying NOW to defend GOD and Life from
needless death.) I HATE the REAL demon antichrist Christ says.

Kagan "You rarely know in the middle of a war, what the outcome
will be."

Johnny Wizard the Creator "I win."

-

/ / The US has also been backing some pro-western politicians
 like Iyad Allawi \ \

Do you know who Allawi is? Allawi confesses to blowing up
school buses filled with children for "CIA" money. NOT
THEORY. HE ADMITS IT AS AN ACTUAL SATANIC DEMON! Allawi, the
truly insane mad man, confesses to having ordered the murder
of doctors and nurses that treated wounded god loving women
and children from Fallujah. It was these DOCUMENTED acts that
had him thrown out of 'the CBC, CNN, and FOXNEWS TV expert
scene as workable', all for fears that US humans might
actually wake the fuk up on WHO is Our True Enemies here. All
three, pro-private-bank zionist news stations are well aware
that the bushmob did 911, but lie to YOU as forsakenly dying
for their growing riches and world wide broadcast fame.

CBC National Newz - July 11th 2007 'tens of thousands have died in
Iraq since the war against truth started.'

Anyway, these two Allawi incidences are fully documented, look
it up, then demand the "The US" pro-western politician person
quoted as supporting Allawi - be found guilty of CRIMES
AGAINST HUMANITY, Demand publicly, having the neocon zionists
EXECUTED by America, for America, as America. A Just America
that defends America from criminal madness. Or don't. Death
to the bushite, death to the enemies of Man I say.

-

George Bush "The same folks that are bombing innocent
people in Iraq were the ones who attacked us in America
on September the 11th"

George Bush 'Iraq has nothing to do with 911, you bunch
of nazi dumfuk grunting LOSERS. Whore yeah - praise Satan
 - die America die. I mean... I love Jesus'

-

The fascist control bushite, don't like You to think
independently for Yourself, for we independents out here
make them look as stupid as they are. Thank you very
much for that not so secret info.

-

Afghan civilians caught
http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-civilians_bdjul08,1,33037=
01.story?coll=3Dchi-newsnationworld-hed

/ / The men told the same story, of how foreign troops
bombed their villages long after the Taliban fighters
had left, how the bombs killed women and children, goats
and sheep \ \

-

'Up to 80 civilians dead' after US air strikes in Afghanistan
http://observer.guardian.co.uk/world/story/0%2C%2C2115846%2C00.html

/ / Witnesses claim a village in British-run Helmand was
bombed for three hours \ \

 BUSHITE, THE ENEMY

"Al-Qaida" =3D "General Mahmoud Ahmad"

/ / Israeli officials have told us that the Finance Ministry
is budgeting basic social services at a percentage of their
known costs \ \ EVIL BEYOND WORDS. KILLING JEWS FOR MONEY.
We can really be something greater, while a murderous bushite
thief, a LIAR, can hardly read or write Liberty without
flinching from self contempt.

Jesus man, do I truly hate these zionist nazi thieving LIARS
on our magic TV shows who con our kids to die as bad guys.
How about You?

These naked LIAR enemies who bank to thieve more from Iraq,
Afghanistan and America, must be brought down by Humanity's
ultimate triumph over tyranny through Law. A just law, where
those accused without any evidence are Innocent, and WORTHY
yOur defenses.

-

 OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE FOR AMERICA

Tony Snow "The executive branch is under no compulsion to
testify to Congress because Congress, in fact, doesn't have
oversight abilities."

Jesus man, do I truly hate these zionist nazi thieving LIARS
on our magic TV shows who con our kids to die as bad guys.
How about You?

/ / If Bush and his PNAC buds are innocent, then Investigate
911! What have innocent people to fear from a fair, complete
and real investigation? \ \

Let us make life better than the neocon
envision, and support our rise to popular acclaim by allowing
US to speak openly for public challenge in defense of America.

-
True US Bush Iraq-Afghan Wars Deaths At 21,000
http://www.rense.com/general77/true.htm

"In the last four years of war in Afghanistan and Iraq, the
unreported death toll of American military personnel is in
excess of 20,000 (20,871)"

It's in cowardice that 'Americans' don't speak out for
the lost 'loves' of their dumber than dumb sons.

-

Demon enemy bushite in Afghanistan murder children
without real understanding 'by accident', [no evidence is
shown to ANYONE, just treasonous demon evil bushite necon
spewing, "red handed"] lies after lies, while, the Taliban, we
are told, are so much worse, because they would murder
"ANYONE." Make sense? No. Remember: (The bush regime has
been found funding Al-Qaida in Iran to commit terrorist acts
against COWARDLY soldiers without free minds to speak in their
own defenses.)

/ / The group is demanding his impeachment not only for his
crimes against humanity but for lying to the American people
about his worship of Satan. \ \

It almost makes me laugh, and then, I push to remind, we are
so very far from where civilized is dreamed to reside. Look,
think of US as actors, (because that is who we are,) and
support my rise to proclaim by the will of a suffering for
real human kind. Believe in US, as if your life depends on
it, because it does my friends, because it does. Live free or
die unwillingly.

-

Demon G. W. Bush "Our responsibility to history is already
clear: to answer these attacks waged against us by stealth,
deceit and murder and rid the world of evil."

"Deceit" and "murder" to rid our world of justly what dum-uk
enemies?

Bin Laden may have arranged family's US exit: FBI docs

/ / A manifest showed the goods [BUSHITE HEROIN] were to be
shipped from Kabul to Dubai and then on to Canada. \ \

"We have nothing to do with poppy eradication. We stay away
from [pro bushite heroin to kill YOUR kid with] it as far as
we can," Maj. Steve Graham of the Royal Canadian Dragoons

-

"Do you care if another bomb went off in Tikrit?
Does it mean anything? NO! It doesn't mean anything."

Why should WE continue to silently die unjustly victimized?,
for the bushite's contempt of Mankind censored?, the Eternal
Son of Man to GOD forever answers correctly.

Kill a bushite as the Love of Justice for Humanity

The Son of Man BEGS all honorable men to defend Life
from bushite enemies of GOD who murder, rape and steal from
innocence through lawlessness as thieves of everyone. Please
kill the bushite for the love of women and children. kill
the bushite for the love of GOD. Please, defend ourselves
further hardships by supporting immediate war crime trials
to begin against all neocon traitors who LIE OPENLY to
kill America's America as enemies to truth, as enemies to
Christ.

'Kill Anyone Still Alive': American Special Ops
http://www.atlanticfreepress.com/content/view/1784/81/

Can you not as a American Man, destroy bushite brayers to defend
innocent life? Americans could not care less presently for
the value of Human life. Americans do nothing to defend
their lives, but officially plan to murder more for the Satanic
demon antichrist in silence. Out of millions, how many even
bother to make a phone call to talk radio against the neocon.
how many? Five or six? Seriously.. How many? I know bushites
are demon liars for the neocon, but is it really impossible for
"Americans" to try speaking?, in the face of murdering millions
more forsaken by enemy mortal, pro child killer George Norry?
George Norry too nice of a guy to even bother question the value
of American children? The THIEF Art Bell's voice too soothing
to care that neocons own pirated America, and on everything she
stands whoring as WAR CRIMINALS to the FOR REAL antichrist?

Death to the lawless bushite, death to the enemies of Mankind

/ / The U.S. State Department recently issued a report
calling Sudan a "strong partner in the war on terror." \ \

The high jacking Bush regime is supporting financially a
TYRANNICAL 'government' that openly practices Genocide, as just
the sort of "American" partner to assist in determining which
further murder victims are terrorists. While the same demon
administration confesses to FUNDING middle eastern al-Qeada to
commit TERRORIST acts in Iran, as demon evil tyranny against
the sleeping Sheeple. Again, it is fully confessed that the
Satanic bushmob is pro terror now. Death to the enemies of
Freedom, death to the bushite betrayers of Life instead of YOU
my innocent friends. Instead of US.

/ / US 'used forced [SLAVE] labour to build Iraq embassy' \ \

-

CIA 'disappeared' seven-year-old children
http://pressesc.com/01181202133_39_names_enforced_disappearences

COFER BLACK is the "CIA" LIE, KILL COFER BLACK FOR TORTURING
INNOCENT PEOPLE TO DEATH FOR THE ANTICHRIST. Death to the
bushite, death to the enemies of Mankind.

-

Hannity interviews Johnny America

http://twincities.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/2/kingjohnny.mp3
http://chicago.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/2/kingjohnny.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/05/kingjohnny.mp3
http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/05/kingjohnny.mp3
http://newmexico.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/05/kingjohnny.mp3
http://english-cyprus.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/2/kingjohnny.mp3
http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/05/kingjohnny.mp3

-

Hillary "[DEMON] Bush pulled out the inspectors."
[DEMON] Bush declared, "and he wouldn't let them in."

In Hell

Firstly, the White house doctored the NIE in an act of HIGH
TREASON.

Two:

CNN with Hillary acknowledges that the demon Mr. Bush pulled
inspectors out of Iraq, but then... how is this not HELL to
pay?

/ / Bush declared, "and he wouldn't let them in. And,
therefore, after a reasonable request, we decided to remove
him from power." \ \ HE LIED. Not the 'NWO', George Walker Bush,
who Alex Jones tells US to look away, because he's only a
puppet. Should not Bush be held accountable to the criminal
actions he is PERSONALLY responsible for Christ asks YOU?

Arkansas GOP head: We need more 'attacks on American soil'
http://rawstory.com/news/2007/Arkansas_GOP_head_We_need_more_0603.html

Look, bushite DO exist as enemies of the Human.

800,000 Christians protected under Saddam, now killed under Bush
http://www.uruknet.de/?p=3Dm33389&hd=3D&size=3D1&l=3De

Look, bushite DO exist as enemies of the Human.

-

Neocon Soldier

Bushites who war as the neocon enemies, war for the 911
perpetrators to escape American Justice. that is why I, as of
GOD, cheer to hear the deaths of these pro torture, pro theft,
pro Satanic enemies of Man. They confess freely to targeting
INNOCENT People for murder.

 PEOPLE

Who IS running this bushite nazi liar show, where they, our
elite corporate media masters, kill our stupid kids with their
flagrant naked monster lies, while refusing all calls for
clarity, Johnny America really wants to know. Like
immediately. Help us out here some man, don't be evil.

Demon bush told us Saddam wouldn't let inspectors in, and
that's why he irrationally started this war against God
conflict. Impeach him, then have him PUNISHED for high
treason against a further dying as truly unheard from America
- for that lie alone - we ALL could/should stand together as
equals demanding re-dress for the innocent murder victims
who've suffered for such contempt, and belligerence for the
basic precepts of freedom as Justice, or G-D as Johnny.

People of Earth, know, these bushite soldiers war Creation
proudly with repeatedly committing aggravated felons, and
South African death squad goons, all to war Love for the
neocon god haters. Who, as peenacking atheists, as their very
own documents stress, would murder anyone of US for a stolen
nickel.

Our Mr. Bush Jnr. "The war is for you or for us [neoCONS] to
win. If we [neoCONS] win it, it means your defeat and
disgrace forever."

Die bushite die.

JOHNNY ROCKS

http://neworleans.media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://english-cyprus.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/12/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://media.indypgh.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://miami.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/05/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://chiapas.indymedia.org/local/webcast/uploads/johnny-rocks.mp3
http://japan.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/12/johnny-rocks.mp3

MSNBC Poll: Over 400,000 (88%) Say Bush Should Be Impeached
http://prisonplanet.com/articles/may2007/210507_b_Impeached.htm

See? Canadians who TRUST CBC would never know by Paul Hunter.

-

Bush Successful at Permanent Legalization of Torture
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/march2006/070306Torture.htm

/ / The truth is that the Bush Administration has used the McCain
anti-torture bill to codify a policy of torture that is now
embedded in our legal system for perpetuity. \ \

WE'D be hunting down those bushite liars who
torture innocent people to death for their satanic pleasures.
For, you know it does warrant the Death Sentence in America,
right? (You can thank Reagan for that...)

/ / In a move that hardly indicates that he was a terrorist
plotting to attack a US government installation Tatar then
went to the Philadelphia police department to complain that he
was being pressured by someone into getting a map of Fort Dix
and that he thought this had something to do with a terrorist
plot. \ \

Didn't see this on our TV news either did You?

-

/ / On CBS' "Face the Nation," she claimed that intelligence
errors before the war were "worldwide" even though the
International Atomic Energy Agency's Mohamed ElBaradei
publicly stated there was "no evidence" of an Iraqi nuclear
program \ \

That from the 911 witch, who forbade a stop to hostilities IN
AMERICA'S NAME against the innocent in Lebanon. Nazi Israel
ADMITS to the targeting MURDER of any innocent persons who
drive in a truck. Perhaps Americans. Who cares? Not CBC or
CNN they'll tell you consistently absent from the crimes
scene.

-
 Death to the zionist bushite enemy forces

/ / After it was revealed by the Plaid Cymru MP Adam Price
that British trained policemen had tortured prisoners to death
with drills, we discovered, through the New York Times (!!),
that American intelligence officers had been working alongside
them at the Jamiyat police station \ \

BASELESS?

/ / Prime Minister Stephen Harper "We will conclude a formal
agreement so that we never again face these baseless
allegations," he said. Thirty Afghan detainees have claimed
they were beaten, whipped, given electric shocks and denied
food once they were transferred to Afghan security forces by
the Canadian military \ \

These demons who war for ZIONIST censorship are a bunch a dope
pushing cop killers, who murder innocent people they call
'Taliban' better known as in Arabic - students.

-

Proudly kill the bushite who would drop from the sky, SEVEN
MILLION landmines on our cities to kill our children for
decades indiscriminately, while offering our Humanity to God no
apologies. Proudly kill the bushite savages all to
desperately survive ourselves creating a better world through
fair, free market communications. To warring for Liberty as
true Freedom wills, is for Justice understood as measured, not
just made up out of nowhere for the pleasures of those truly
Satanic. So spoke the King of being the wisdom we here
revealed by statement of timeless fact. Good will triumph
over evil. That's that.

-

Tenent "Lets everybody tell the truth."

It seems Tenent wants to inform us he actually meant when
saying "slam dunk" - that, selling the war to the American
Joe, without establishing any real facts would be easier than
anything against the powerless as media unrepresented!

-

http://www.stlimc.org/usermedia/audio/11/1_christ_in_court.mp3
http://newmexico.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/04/christ_in_court.mp3
http://melbourne.indymedia.org/uploads/christ_in_court.mp3
http://houston.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/04/christ_in_court.mp3
http://istanbul.indymedia.org/uploads/2007/04/christ_in_court.mp3
http://www.ntimc.org/attachments/apr2007/christ_in_court.mp3
http://english-cyprus.indymedia.org/usermedia/audio/10/christ_in_court.mp3

Bushite War LIFE Itself - and - They Couldn't Care Less

'Alpha company patrols the poppy fields.'
20070420_taliban28.mp3 (pbs broadcast)

"About the poppy harvest, currently gathering pace all around
them, they couldn't care less." Instead they kill unarmed
innocent people indiscriminately as enemies to ALL HUMAN LIFE.

They Couldn't Care Less

The 82 Airborne, in assisting in defending the world wide
distribution and production of heroin, tells of murdering
innocent farmers, that would never raise a gun in anger, are
those they openly confess to target for first degree murder as
labeled the, second tier Taliban. That's when not defending
American Pension thiever ENRON'S pipeline managed under their
extremist Muslim fundamentalist regime of intolerance for
public communications, as the continuing thieving of 80
percent the Humanitarian Aid given by Canada to feed the
STARVING, and school our children of the impoverished
Afghanistan, as so reported. Eighty percent. 80. 80 percent
stolen. I'm telling YOU: CBC couldn't care less about what
Canadian soldiers are actually dying as COWARDS for:
"Al-Qaida" =3D "General Mahmoud Ahmad" =3D "bush's ungodly
partners in crime" CBC national radio management needs to be
arrested in Canada for high TREASON. Please, be a Patriot,
and demand these zionists allow open communication with the
facts to save the lives of Canadians soldiers they hold in
contempt to die as the bad guys committed to no better good.

Occupation Forces support Afghan Narcotics Trade
http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=3DviewArticle&code=3D20070604=
&articleId=3D5514

-

War and the Police State: Complicity of the American People
http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=3DviewArticle&code=3DTHO20070=
421&articleId=3D5454

/ / On September 11, 2001, corporate media and the government
elite launched an aggressive political and media campaign upon
and against the American people. \ \

-

http://blogcritics.org/archives/2005/09/27/214145.php

/ / Why would [subhuman bushite] guards torture a man they
considered innocent? \ \ Because they are openly enemies to
Christ. I say, kill it for America when you can, God bless.

Bushite will kill America

/ / At 9:32 he saw and heard a bomb destroy the offices of the
Pentagon auditors. 40 military officers investigating the
missing money were killed. The CTC was destroyed too. You
can read more here:

http://johnmccarthy90066.tripod.com/id206.html \ \

-

 AMERICAN

The Pentagon's Power to Jail Americans Indefinitely
http://www.jonesreport.com/articles/270307_pentagon_power_jail.html

Look, demon enemies of Christ torture innocent people for fun,
paid for by the silent American tax payer. Americans refuses
to bother making a simple phone call to Coast to Coast to
raise some concern. THEY don't. They refuse to hunt bushite
down in their streets for death to defend the innocent held
indefinitely against GOD'S will. Death to the bushite, death
to Johnny's godless, lawless, fascist enemies of FREEDOM.

Look, CNN, CBC, and FOx News know the bushmob did 911, but
will smile while watching your son or daughter sent out to die
CONNED by their demonic hatred for US freely communicated.
How do I know this? I made the effort of making the phone
calls.

 He and his family
have millions of dollars to sell you out, so why care for your
struggle to survive in bushville soldiering?

Alex Jones and me aren't on the best of speaking terms, but I
will state, a desire to address every same challenge he has
adroitly addressed as publicly lacking. And when I am
addressed 'officially', I will campaign to put US in the space
to realize, we are the government, we are the people. We
don't need to run to the hills and encamp ourselves away to
defend ourselves to the max from the man, we are the man. I'm
telling yeh, I know this to be so as the sea is we magically.
Equal rights for all in God's name is self evident. Self
evident to ME anyway... but well.. who am i?, right - I'll
tell you as I have for more than a decade as a living fiction
forsaken for lack of anybody anywhere understanding in
totality what I am here on Earth as true Son to Man - a
'understandable' timeless stand in for G to gain recognition
through as honest broker. [I've been everywhere around
forever, and.. blahblah.. I know people really don't care to
know of ancient wisdoms, truths that guide the order to the
Universe, cause often they think I'm beyond their
comprehension as a 'better than', when all power is in equal
respect for others as our hurting brothers and sisters
suffering with tyranny by our collective willful ignorance on
Justice.[God's bestest is Just for every reason being thus]] I
am one serious genius by no accident in words you have as much
right to contend for yourself being, if you'd only believe we
have some good ideas here to really defend ourselves with.

Please my American friend, help US speak out freely Coast to
Coast. So we together can start, on demanding Justice for
all, as innocence in serious jeopardy. Dadullah is most
likely an individual who holds at least some control over
official military functions of NATO in the region. So, we're
going to seed loyalties of the rare Patriots in the force to
recognize our need to isolate who supports, not talking FREELY
for peace easily in Afghanistan without question. No evidence
was brought against Laden, therefore, the Taliban were True
Patriots, and bushite traitors are pure racist nazi filth
ridden, toxic, as being cowardly dishonorable as despicably
evil, enemies to us all. Put US in Command.

Question the bushite, question to anyone who mumbles
disagreement in the godly fact, that WE, as Humanity, will
spend the better part of this next generation, hunting every
last war profiteering nazi war criminal down for our real
Freedom from their, so errorred "endless" tyranny of big money
terror. Lawlessness with be outlawed, and ANY corporate
american who mumbles otherwise, as an enemy totalitarianist,
the clear ungodly, (as should be criminal,) will be put to
challenge by their very own children, or parents, or bleeding
dead brothers. Hannity must be tried for death as lying that
the holocaust never happened from Iran. DEATH to the demon
liar nazi fu-ker I say, DEATH to the demon liar nazi fu-ker.

Al-Qaida =3D General Mahmoud Ahmad

Who IS running this bushite nazi liar show, where they, our
elite corporate media masters, kill our stupid kids with their
flagrant naked monster lies, while refusing all calls for
clarity, Johnny America really wants to know. Like
immediately. Help us out here some man, don't be evil.

/ / "Those who negotiate in the name of the Taliban will be
killed," he said. He did not elaborate. \ \ He's either with
the proven cowards of JTF2, or the two or three "CIA" guys

secretly hunting bin Laden in caves out there with tens of
billions of dollars. SPENT EACH YEAR 'unknowingly'. (No
reason why, but, they just can't tell You, as the paying for
it really while DYING) Put US in Command.

/ / The Mujahideen aren't students of power and don't compete
for power like others do. We are students of truth and work
for establishing this truth and for this cause we sacrifice
our power \ \

-

http://www.godlikeproductions.com/bbs/message.php?messageid=3D355789

/ / Timothy Griffin, Karl Rove's assistant, the President's
pick as US Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas.
Griffin, according to BBC Television, was the hidden hand
behind a scheme to wipe out the voting rights of 70,000
citizens prior to the 2004 election. \ \ Timothy needs to be
arrested for high treason, for fixing an election, or instead,
what? we'll make him a State US Attorney in bushville?

 kill all of them

/ / In his testimony on Wednesday, Pfc. Bradley Mason of
Company C said that on May 8, the night before the raid,
Colonel Steele told soldiers to ``kill all of them.'' Three
other soldiers gave similar testimony. \ \

I would offer rewards for more soldiers to come forward. Why?
because there truly is, no honor among thieves. Every bushite
soldier in Iraq for the liar neocon is minimum, a purposeless
dumfuked cowardly thief. See? if you offer a reward, and
they don't take it, their 'fellow' bushite, kill'em for it,
right? why take the risk it'll cash in over your worthless
life? For, who can trust a lying bushite nazi savage?
certainly not a lying bushite nazi savage. In other words:
speak against committing war criminal acts of lawless
aggression in Iraq for Bush, as CLEARLY un-American, and I'll
try to forgive you as human. Or, I guess you'll kill
yourselves in mutually muted total contempt for this universal
life as actually worth something.

When you see and hear on video, sexually dysfunctional, as
sadistically satanic grunt puke pro-bush soldiers moaning,
while deliberately killing innocent defenseless Family People
running for our dying lives from a holy church, or as just
simply anyone standing near the side of the road, then, my
friend, you'll begin to understand what evil actually is.
And, what needs to be done to seriously save ourselves.
Seriously. Justice must be won sooner than later.

Five Star American General Johnny Wizard will train American
Soldiers to recognize such demonic behaviors in combat as
worthy of immediate frag to defend the lives of truly fellow
honorable soldiers. Soldiers ACTually, committed to freedom
from godless satanic dumfuk tyranny of the antichrist demon,
Mr. evil personified, the UN-ELECTED 911 TERRORIST, George
Walker Bush and CO..

-

Like Coast to Coast's fun guy, he ain't taking our screams,
George "pro Arab child Killer" Norry??

Rapists and torturers must not be allowed to rule our pirated
authority through defending the further 'escape' of the
bushmob for 911.

/ / As a result, the Defense Department put up a Web site in
2005 designed to clarify [to the dumfuk bushite demon liars]
that sexual assault is illegal [...] \ \


Let's save some lives, what do you say guys?

Or, are we going to go further with this: George W. Bush:
"If the absence of violence is victory, no one will ever win."

                        YOU

"If the absence of violence is victory, no one will ever win."
http://cleveland.indymedia.org/news/2007/03/24652.php


I know, it's seems odd that I am, at the same time, offering
answers to any question on the science of God as is pertains
to Justice measured, but this is just who I am to be conscious
man. So, if we can get over the shock of me being so
especially normal, maybe we can then realize, I have some
simple good old ideas that transcend through time by rational
understanding communicable between any two people. I am not a
"miracle worker" to all those I advise to not eat Aspartame
because it's a poison that also makes your body crave
un-needed carbs, that will likely convert to more unless fat.
So, it slowly kills you, while making you fatter than you need
be along the dead end journey faithing in "the system". So,
why do some do it religiously? Who cares (for now) but to
say, our governments are failing US miserably. I spoke
personally with one of the head scientists in Canada at
"Health Food and Safety", and he told me the scientific
analysis done by reputable scientists I found freely available
repeatedly on the internet years ago, was completely true.
(It breaks down to formaldehyde, and methanol (a slow lethal
poison), among other shockers. Poison. P-o-i-s-o-n-s in our
food stuffs. Poisons.) However, he could take no action to
defend Canadians "officially" because we, Canadians, have our
corporate interest news departments completely refusing to
defend ourselves from corporate exploitation anywhere, and as
natural consequence, we, as the dying world, would together
unrepresented, probably lose a law suit from mutant Monsanto
through the self inflicted bounds of OUR censored WTO program.
- instituted through the top secretly mastered puppet people
persons of the 'unseen' NWO I guess.

I'm telling you, we need me as King.

Look: Aegis's workforce, for American PAYING profit, has been
publicly disclosed through CNN to be shooting people in Iraq
indiscriminately for your money, and when the Pentagon was
contacted by Nick Roberts about what would be done, they
responded, nothing would be done by Johnny's America but to
increase the multi-hundred-million dollar contract with demon
enemy Tim Spicer to continue. Now... why you ask? Because
the neocon liars, steal money by lying to cowardly American
kids about what they mindlessly, without thought, give their
souls for. Tim Spicer openly hires South African goons to
commit hardships for American GIs to die without end for, in
lawless tyranny. Peace sells less money for the neocon war
profiteers to murder the innocent American as. (Iraqis,
along with the rest of Humanity's Men, WILL eventually learn
this truth, or life for you will end.) As an Arab hating
bushite, (like what you'd find as a publicly proud practiced
hatred for all Humanity, by an Amerkan dumfuk soldier in
Google's alt.religion.islam), they say nothing for Freedom by
Justice, but root themselves to Spicer's monsters who like
killing black guys, as world renown mass murdering racist nazi
filth. That's why zionist Israel loves them so much.

Look: Somebody stole four trillion dollars out of the Pentagon.

Look: corporate magic TV people couldn't care less for US if
they tried. Ahmad funded Atta. bin Laden claimed he played
no part in 911. And video of iron running like water moments
before the first tower fell is freely available for download
all over the place.

Look: Barbra Bodine did the Cole bombing. [the Cole whose crew has
been completely overhauled. Where are the many who served there NOW
eh?]

Look: America has kidnapped countless thousands without evidence to
be held against OUR will indefinitely. [Like the NOT Jewish Israel]

Look: innocent people are being tortured to death by those who hide
OPENLY in America's uniform. [let US hunt them down for GOD, despite
what demon lies they argue give them as Satanic to avoid "The Law".]

Look: the bushmob war profiteers STOLE the Iraqi Development fund

Look: the more than 10,000 security contractors for
Bush are officially deemed lawlessly unaccountable to
anyone - THINK ABOUT IT

Look: Negroponte PERSONALLY stole the Iraqi emergency
water provision money

Look: Sattler OPENLY committed the worst war crimes of
all Humanity's history

9/11 WTC Molten Iron
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DVW-HE6rGDHI

-

Men pick military as sentence
http://www.centredaily.com/118/story/29432.html

Great, more criminal heros to victimize Humanity for.

-

The pro-bush irrational military said only eight innocent
un-armed Afghans were counted as murdered deliberately, by
those who believe our Mankind, can not ever find themselves
accountable

-

/ / KBR's Tiger Team stayed at the five-star Kuwait Kempinski
Hotel, where its members ran up a bill of more than $1
million. This outraged the army, whose troops were sleeping
in tents at a cost of $1.39 a day. The army asked the Tiger
Team to move into tents. It refused. \ \

See? KBR is now privately running hospital care for the
dumfuk grunts, so, what would you expect but rat infestations?
Oh, you never truly thought... what being a "Liberal" or
"Conservative" victim is. Are you pro Liberty, or pro tyranny
is the question riddled really.

-

http://mediamatters.org/items/200702260008

/ / Wash. Post parroted White House claim that Iraq war was
authorized by U.N. Security Council \ \

Seriously, the propagandists responsible, need to REALLY, be
put to death after found out through US public court
proceeding. NO ONE would disagree that Iraq is a war crime,
where more than a MILLION INNOCENT PEOPLE have been raped,
tortured, or murdered by dumfuk bushite grunts. If YOU
actually think about it, all of everyone would gladly kill an
unholy bushite terrorist, before allowing it to murder
families running for our lives as loving Church goers.

 Death to our Enemies

My friends, People are dying because the, Israel=3DJew, magic
radio and TV crews, wont broadcast THE TRUTHS of our publicly
available findings. Police findings. People are dying
needlessly, illegally, irrationally like meaning really
stupidly on Bush's behalf, for they claim, we don't want to be
'embarrassing ourselves' with MY wisdom
-

Nichols Fingers FBI Agent Directing McVeigh in OKC Bombing By Name
http://aftermathnews.wordpress.com/2007/02/23/nichols-fingers-fbi-agent-dire=
cting-mcveigh-in-okc-bombing-by-name/

-

Bush Contaminating our Drinking Water
http://blog.myspace.com/blissblood

-

Neocon Gaffney "It is not George Bush, it is not the Neocons,"

"," =3D swinging pocket watch

Don't let these neocon zionist bastards doe this to US.

-

REPENT. [from the Greek, meaning to think.]

The TRUE Son of Man Johnny Wizard Exists Born to this Eternal
World to end permanently demonic bushite enemies of Creation.
Help Life out by destroying cowardly America's greatest threat
to the Species, the greatest threat against Humanity's Freedom
to be Loved by God. Corporate nazi zionist bushlores at CBC,
CNN, and criminal thieving from the desperately poor in
Winnipeg CJOBers forbid open communications, and I can't 'take
over', because then I'd be defeating my own, power to the
Peoples argument. So, it really is up to YOU, yes you
there... reader. Who.. really..? YOU, here, now. Life
begs, takes a stand for your fellow man, and demand our voices
heard for the defense of the entire human race. And be quick
about it. Repuglicons don't want freedom from endless war
where they kill your forsaken kids, for we all know, bushites
would be publicly tried, then spend the rest of their
treasonous lives behind bars broke, or dead from lethal
injections made popular in America. Again, officer Bowman is
responsible for letting 'escape' those from Fort Detrick, who
attempted to murder the American Congressmen who thought going
into lawless tyranny, !makes no sense! Where is corporate
America on our issues when OUR free speech is ruled by the
irrational evil minds of Limbaugh, Bell, and Norry?!?!! Back
to Bowman: Bowman, also is responsible for sabotaging the
Moussaoui warrant. And, how much you wanna bet, he's probably
the same bushite who found Atta's passport, and likely had all
19 names of the high-jackers to give CNN, CBC, and FoxNews
just like the neocon's "bin Laden" would have too. Take the
publicly prancing bushite enemy out for questions by yourself,
if he doesn't plead his defense publicly on Coast to Coast by
tomorrow. Remember, there ain't an "Intelligence" group worth
their salt on the face of our Earth, that doesn't know exactly
what I'm doing here honorably for a real Justice made through
careful thought. So, support Johnny Wizard speaking for
public challenges internationally, and with the 23 plus
co-operating for life 'Intel' agencies, along with, anyone
else who can join in on the call. as a growing number of
Patriot Soldiers, who trust yourself to see, this wanting of
Justice isn't complicated. A person accused of a terrorist
event without any evidence, has our accuser a bushite, who
should be watched carefully until verifiable conclusions are
done by the understanding of fact. Not faith. With George W.
Bush making real decisions in faith, expecting us to believe
as corporately broadcasted unabashedly unbiased, that he
is not a deliberate incompetent monster war criminal
of unfathomable evil?, who is just too 'stupid' to understand
why we are innocent until proven otherwise?, is really
something we all need to scream about to save our dying lives.

"[..] just like the neocon's "bin Laden" would have too."

However, the real Laden, on video taped confession, claimed he
played no part whatsoever in 911, then later, offered himself
for arrest, confident he would be acquitted. Not corporately
newsworthy though, so, few even know why their American child
was later died in the terrorists act of corporate contempt for
US living Freedom with something greater as real Justice wills


THE "IRANIAN" 81MM MORTAR WEB PAGE IS A FAKE!

/ /the traceroute traces the IP not to a business, but
to a university! \ \

Wuterich "shoot [defenseless innocent women and children]
first and ask questions [from the corporate zionist pro-kill
anyone for a stolen nickel propagandists like demon enemy
AIPAC Hannity, George Norry, or, censors his calls for neocon
war criminals traitor Art Bell] later"

http://www.globalpolicy.org/security/issues/iraq/occupation/report/atrocitie=
s.htm

/ / commanders may give orders to ``shoot first and ask
questions later.'' \ \

This is why the Son of Man through God begs the Peoples of
Humanity to kill on sight, the enemy bushite betrayers to
Life. Ourselves, the innocent. These soulless grunts don't
destroy such deserving commanders, Like Blount, Sattler,
Russell, Wuterich, Pantano or even Kimmitt, and instead, as in
Fallujah, murder every woman and child present, while stealing
all our given monies for desperate life saving help.

McCain is insane
http://www.codemonkeyramblings.com/2007/02/they_say_that_insanity_is.php

McCain speaks NOTHING to demand the
execution of hiding as 'British' soldiers who on prized video
tape, beat to death young barefoot children for erotic fun,
nor on mercury vaccines not banned minus "The President" in
name. BANNED.

-

A Public Letter to the "American" Coast to Coast Radio Network:

1. We, as the People, demand you allow US, the human species
to openly discuss the public evidence on who funded the
terrorist acts of 911 according to the FBI. And full
disclosure on the science of building Seven.

2. That the Iraq war never had, nor ever will have a
justification.

3. Also, that mercury tainted vaccines are deadly stupid.
Mercury is scientifically understood, without question, (no
doubt) to be a neural-toxin

You must wake up to life's demand for you to defend our dying
lives my friend. Please? Make the call, be a man to defend
our women. Be a man to protect our children.

Support our call to be heard my brother.

That's all.

-

Great words from the lawyer of the thieving bushite
child killers of Haditha

/ / "If they're dropping 500lb bombs without knocking on the door
first, how can you argue the troops on the ground did anything
wrong?" \ \

5000lbs of radio-active toxic waste that will murder for years
more like, while after, then striking again to get the god
helpers and screaming children, then even, as in Fallujah,
going house to house to murder every one, young and old as the
truly Satanic. Just obeying lawless orders to thieve from
Humanity as bushite for neocon zionist traitors of G-D doesn't
fly in the big book. When anyone kills a bushite, all
humanity benefits truly from the defense. You defend a real
suffering God by ending a soulless bushite threat against our
species.

Bill Sattler.

-

 Exit strategy to save the lives of dying Americans:

War bushite LIAR zionist repuglicons who did God wrong on 911

War bushite who LIE to American Sons and Daughters to not hunt
those who stole billions with ear-marks, Social Security,
no-bid contracts, Iraqi oil, ect.

War those who stole the Iraq Development Fund, and the
emergency monies left to save the lives of our dying children

War bushite who feed soldiers radio-active toxic waste as harmless

War bushite who support torturing the innocent to death

War bushite who sing about the joys of murdering Iraqi children

War bushite who beat to death barefoot Iraqi children

War bushite who jokingly beat lamed dogs for fun

War bushite who claim they are lawlessly un-accountable as liars.

War bushite in the air force who target bombing innocent People
like in Fallujah or Somalia with land mines and mini nukes

The godless as lawless bushite is the enemy to America, kill
it proudly for freedom, as an undying love for a real God and
Humanity.

-

/ / Four US oil companies, namely Conoco, Chevron, Amoco and
Philips have concessions in nearly two thirds of Somalia.
This quartet of oil conglomerates was granted these contracts
in the final days of Somalia's deposed dictator, Siad Barre.
The US first military engagement in Somalia was fully
supported by Conoco. \ \

http://s3.amazonaws.com/911timeline/main/AAafghanwar.html

-

AFFIDAVIT

AFFIDAVIT OF JOHNNY WIZARD

I, Johnny Wizard, in the city of Winnipeg, Province of Manitoba
MAKE OATH AND SAY:


3.

RTI News - US rejects Taliban bin Laden evidence calls
21 September 2001 17:41


The White House has rejected requests from Afghanistan's
ruling Taliban for proof that Osama bin Laden was responsible
for last week's attacks.

The US Government said there would be no negotiations.

4.

[This following document was the official damning account]

Responsibility for the terrorist atrocities in the United States
4 October 2001
http://www.pm.gov.uk/output/page3554.asp

[This Internet Domain is Britain's Prime Minister's]

"This document does not purport to provide a prosecutable case
against Usama Bin Laden in a court of law."

The document doesn't hold ANY case, as that was the strategy.... See?

7.

October 9 2001 - The Times of India

"While the Pakistani Inter Services Public Relations claimed

that former ISI [the "Pakistani CIA"] director-general Lt-Gen
Mahmud Ahmad sought retirement after being superseded on
Monday, the truth is more shocking.

8.

No evidence was brought against Laden for nine eleven, none.
[So according to Bush's official top secret Presidential
directives] While Laden himself claimed he played no part in
911. Still, to save the lives of third worlders on the brink
of starvation,

11.

Mr. Bush was quoted somewhere regarding Mr. Laden's guilt of
complete innocence with "We don't need any evidence, we know
he's guilty."

[snpd]

33.

Blix nor Elbaradei, nor Kofi, suggested, implied, or stated,
that Iraq had failed to comply with the newest U.N.
resolution: 1441.

HANS BLIX: "And at this juncture, we are able to perform
professional no-notice inspections all over Iraq and to
increase aerial surveillance..."


With complete, one hundred percent access to go where ever the
Bush Administration pleased without delay, left a situation of
an unjust war only detrimental to an ability to bring about
any good or better thing. American soldiers are being
sacrificed for no better good or reason understood, for if
progress will ever be made, it will be when they work to bring
about a political situation that was there in Iraq before the
Bush Administration starting murdering innocent people for
nothing . Well, not completely, for Bremer shipped 19 billion
to Greenspan early on, then, hundreds of millions were sent
back.


34.

Professor Steven E. Jones, a tenured BYU professor, went
public several weeks ago after releasing a 19 page academic
paper, essentially showing how the laws of physics do not
support the WTC's freefall[...]

-

Since I am representing myself on these particular criminal
matters, snpd I would request legal assistance from the
Court in these following areas.

1. National Security Issues

snpd

WHICH SIDE ARE YOU ON?

-

http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article10785.htm

/ / an epic study that documents the systematic nature of
torture by the Americans, and how casual it is, even
enjoyable. . \ \


